So before we continue to Cambio graphics, why we have to mention the Omi works from unreal.
And then I would like to talk a little bit about your project.
So almost one month wide. So you have stats for width.
So this is your fifth fifth last night right.
So I guess you have some understanding about university and then you have some
understanding about what is metaverse and then what is really how how I can make money.
Or you have totally do not understand why.
Yes we are all what is I what is metaverse blockchain.
Right. So you understand of stock market right.
So it's good that we spent a whole year and escape from the pit.
We 2022. Yes. The pit of blockchain coffee etc. we go to the winter and then now we go up again.
So it's hard to say that where the blockchain where Phoebe, our ally, is worth to learn or not.
So is some extra special trendy characters that you can, um,
money and that is the market it so you if you put this label on your startup or your on your uh project for example,
you have to ICOs us and as course as you have to wear feta cheese and then IRGC, etc., etc. definitely you can get some money.
One of your senior classmate, you should be one years, two years, 2024 quarters.
Um, find me on Saturday in handjob and see that he create a I Casas I Casas I Casas was funded by another company which is fun by
two minutes I we are two minutes and then um get 7% of um his his company share some of 7% and exchange for two minus yan CNY.
So he's quite um, promising and then is quite um, I would say that is not too bad.
And that is a quite promising, uh, industry. And you see that global, you see the different stock market.
And then they are be fighting the two of the, of our, um, industry and your hopes that you will love it.
One of, uh, yeah. You only have one assignment.
Yeah. You only have one assignment. So last year, you still have some with an assignment and then, uh, lots of the small quizzes, etc., etc.
So, uh, thanks for the, um, ITC form fans for the track trip.
Our headmaster, our principal, things that got all the assignment put all the way.
So into your physical examination. And then we just have 30% for your on your assessment.
So almost all the Kazakhs fault, uh, uh, principal of our headmaster.
So we cut all the most of the assignment. So that's why now you only have one assessment.
Is your project a good project? Okay.
The capacity will be 40% of your. I'm sorry, I have to update this one.
So, um.
Yeah, I have put it quite a quite a, um, quite time for questions of your, uh, total assessment and then that, that now will be 1st of December.
So you have almost two months to, to finish your project.
So your project you have to pick up one topic.
So the topic um, similar to last year, the Isat will be pole tattoo culture, Chinese culture.
Where is it? Chinese culture. Yeah, yeah.
Potato Chinese culture. So, um.
Um, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Chinese culture. So somehow, um, in your course, you will learn a lot of things about the IGC, about how to scan, about, uh,
the metal web platform, for example, here you are learning the spatial I o spatial the I o combine with unity.
And then, um, somehow you can put lots of the information on the, on the spatial audio.
So at least after. This month, next month, next month.
So you'll have the ability to use the current platform. We'll have a special trial where for years, um.
Um, uh, nudity or some tools, you are able to create their content in the metaverse platform.
So in your project, I'm not going to ask you to create your own platform.
I'm going to ask you to laugh or use this kind of platform to create something that can hold hat or serve our culture.
Okay. Specially about Chinese culture. So you can pick up, uh, lots of other things.
For example. You'll have a special location. Uh, in China, you have some special culture music, fourth language.
Um, in China you want to protect. So you also fall into the theme of this year.
Fei Yi. So we see a baby face.
Okay, so whatever is physical or nonphysical, you can put it into it.
So inside this project, you have a content collection.
Okay. You have to collect content. And then a natural excuse would be based on your platform.
That means your ability. So you say that hey, I'm the expert of unity.
So I can, um, use the, um, um, lot of definition of unity, and I can create and a,
a very interesting or attractive, um, perform on unity and expand our culture.
Then you focus on the technical part. Okay, but you say that.
Hey, uh, it's only only, um, talking about culture, right?
I am only, uh, from the social science, and then I do not have loss of the skill about the technical part.
So it's okay. Find a spatial style. You know, spatial tile.
You can have lots of the content, including platform that I create a poster.
Then I scan the object and I do lots of the interesting content, put it into the spatial idol and expect,
okay, so you have to the answer depends on your look at the chemistry, the mixture of your team.
Pick up one culture one frame okay.
And then to, to um, create your metaverse platform just like a very simple experience.
So, um, can uh, I would say that take can I change it into other thing.
For example, I want to, um, um, um, say that I want to protect, uh, Ultron.
I want to protect the and woman I want to do something about it is also okay.
But please let me know your frame before your submissions.
Okay? Ask me. Okay. Ask me. Okay. Because, um, most of all, your, uh, metaverse project one and project two.
So, uh, most maybe half, half of them maybe connect with the outside industry or outside parties.
So they will give you the content and then you, you, they use, uh, you use their content and then create your metaverse path on the metaverse.
Again, depends on your technical expert, whether you want to create your own path on or you why on the other.
And then two something for example, mobile is also one of them, right?
So you say that I want a on the robots environment. And then I create a lot of the IGC.
I try new things and I create some small program in robots at that mean to robots platform.
And then to create my, my own um, um, topics about the metaverse is also okay.
Okay. And then and lastly, uh, so we have lots of to think that is relate to the natural language processing.
That is we are to we are about all the things can be put into it.
But in this project, I just want you to have a exhibition hall or showcase of one traditional Chinese culture.
But you say that I love Japanese is and other things.
I also agree, okay, okay, but um, I collab with our our mates, um, um, stream in the China or something like that.
Why? So I put Chinese culture. You can ask anything that you want.
Okay. Is that clear? Feel for student in a group.
So, um, um, similar to the to your metaverse project one and project.
So I strongly recommend you to form a code of four. But you say that you cannot find group of four.
I can only find of 1 or 2. One is not a good project.
At least two. Okay, so, um, I'm also okay in your project one and part two, the situation is similar.
So if you say that I can only have two, um, then uh, is still acceptable.
One I'm quite out because one of your program outcome is whether you can work in coop or not.
So how to ask? You can go. You can go. So. Cool project.
Yeah. So if you can wear incorporate, then, um, yeah, I can, I can, um, I can answer your assessment.
Tell me if you have Fido. Okay.
Okay. To support, uh, uh, email.
Yes. So, uh. Juanita. Okay. So tell me about the feeder.
So we will have the punishment. And then for all this kind of poacher.
Uh, better worst poacher or the other good is good that you find a core rat team in your project.
One and two. Okay. So, um. Yeah, you at least you know some of your personality of your team.
You know that you want to continue and not okay.
If you cannot create project with him or her, that means that you cannot create project with the other.
So you need to find some expertise and honestly loss of your senior classmate they find fence about for their start up.
Any other things in their cars because inside cars. I guess most of you guys love y'all.
And I also you love this kind of cheese.
That's why you cater to cater. And um, yeah, that's one of the questions I will also have.
Um, different different event in in each month.
So this month. Right. So we have that now you will have the 12 hour exhibition.
And then next month I will by the same post we I'll take that.
Next month I will buy the um um uh we our LP ticket because I try to I will buy more tickets so
that you can join or you can form team with different people so you can know each other very well.
So, um, there is also our, our, um, yeah, our thinking hobby that we can how to unmute.
Okay. And yeah, our, um, our connections.
And that's why we have that we show Cove and then which I go on to with the other senior classmate etc., etc.
Okay, so about a project, you have any questions? Don't worry.
So, um, this course is called fundamental of Metaverse. So I will try my best to give a higher grade.
So if, um, even if you are not, uh, um, co-op developer still is.
Okay. Why would you use the street auto? How you use the robot?
You used the sandbox. But I remember last year no one used the sandbox to, uh, to become their ultra.
I have no idea why you hate sandbox. The samples.
So. Yeah. This method was performed.
You have sampled. Because these two yellow one used to sample x I x I performed to create a new about their project.
So um, sample this one of the Unicom in Hong Kong.
Unicast means that they go to.
I'm not sure about you should be so point one PDS hong contra involvement something like Uber common house are not equal.
Yes uh with high to high child um uh Unicom unicom company.
So they are the unicorn startup in in Hong Kong about the metaverse.
So yeah. But seems according to these two.
Yeah. No one use their platform, so no idea.
Anyway, so, um. Yeah, that's the situation.
So any any questions? Any questions?
If no, we will continue our course. So, um, we all come here a little bit, so try to stop me if, um, I cannot finish all the materials.
Um, yeah, I try.
Yeah. If I cannot finish all the thing, I will cut some of the content.
I thought we all are, because, um. We are. Yeah. We will be covered by the UI, so.
Which I will, um, cover most of the content, and then I will try to skip as we can, um, in the, we are in the outcast pub, whatever it does.
Do you remember last last we we try.
So we have mentioned about the compare and then we have mentioned some new methods about, uh, metaverse, JP, USD.
What's the difference? Chappie is object level.
Object level. JLP is object level of. That means. Here is one object.
Okay, here is one object. Okay.
But you can see that the whole lecture theater is also one object.
Object is depends on the program in uh uh, in the interceptions, whether they think this is one object or not.
But usually we try to say that small object is one object, right?
So it's a GRB and then a collections of object is a scene.
Okay. So there are lots of small small small object here. And it become a scene.
You as the universal scene, describe how it's going to describe the properties of the whole scene.
Okay. Okay. Because for animations or for other game development, usually we have loss of loss of the artist video designer to create a scene.
So you if you're looking at a piece of movie or if you're looking at any animation in China,
so you can 5000, 1000 names on that quota, so you have 1000 of the people to to create film.
So that's why you have you need to have a good infrastructure to streamline all the, all the, all the um, assets.
And then uh, they can have input and output so they can exchange the information smoothly and to exchange information smoothly.
Well, using Universal Screen Descriptor. Got it.
Got it. Universal screen. Describe. You can say that this one you say Google Drive.
Do you know Google Drive by. Do you know how to answer the channel.
How do you okay. So you can say that you have a cow surface.
Cow surface. You upload and drive track 111111.1 pan.
Okay. Uh, yes, I drive. Okay. You say drive. So somehow you upload download the document and then with the document locally.
So you ask the is this kind of format okay. This kind of comment.
And somehow he will say that, hey, I'm not only using a Google Drive, I want to edit the document at the same time.
So you will have to google document understand.
So you have a you have an interface to edit the document on time and rendering all the things on time.
And that is all me was. And that is only worse.
Okay. Okay. You asked. You say drive. Yes, drive.
That helps you to order things up, though. Chase?
Chase the. Um. Um. Chase those words. What?
Uh, chase the versions of all the files, and then we're all back to, um, other versions, etc., etc.
But somehow they cannot despite despite the information, if you use the USB.
So somehow you have to still mask. You have to. Um, other, um, um, other printer or other tools to open and render your files.
Now, if you want to open, um, went out your file at the same time, then you need something called um, be was got it got got a,
got a level of difference JP for the object just you so drive and and the only was is the one rendering Python call it so that fee level,
the fee level you can use it together or you can use a separate.
They are not we pace each other,
but somehow these free things combined together in form a perfect were for pi nights for all the for all the new uh, metaverse development.
And that is what we are doing. Okay. So we have covered all the things about, uh, um, um, you are state and we go to the, uh, omnibus omnibus divide.
You can say that on me was is the rap on the media.
So, you know, the media lied. So the price of media is still going, going, going off is we we, um.
Hi. Now. So, um, Nvidia tried to develop something called me Wells, and then they are going to support us to work full and then applications.
So that is a wondering so why why um, why is create by the media.
Because there is going to when that all the information from the you ask the so the with the
information from the USD and then when the on time whatever is local or wherever in in their server.
So um you are some house they are using that grid GPU.
That means they put all the GPU in there so far you can use your, um, um, gods so high dry.
So maybe you can use your, um, um,
tablet or iPhone or other mobile device and then stream night there with self to your mobile device without any GPU, without any calculation.
That is the thinking of only worse. It means that all the calculations are handled by me the way the CPU.
So that's why when I read that still the pricing is updating after the update, right?
We create all the things and then we send better results to you.
For the streaming to successful contact x264.
Cook that to streamline all the information to you okay. So now we going to create a standard.
So create a hardware create. Uh I will say that the uh one stop uh so I will perform x I x say surface surface pads perform x ISO effects.
Okay. They create these kind of territories and they are the company join their surface.
And then to um, um, the development together.
So steaming out to the other metal parts are always think that I have to find out the whole ecosystem, which company is doing which part.
And then how I can join this big family ecosystem become part of the small, small, um, application.
So, Murphy, something like that. Why we need to share and then we need to, um, um, um, connect with each other on me.
Was, is something like that the media side of some things.
And then they are doing the server,
they are doing the rendering that provide the perform and other company join these kind of standard and these kind of pay for up to two to um,
all that departments to get up. So uh, Maya join finish off cost match on uh, Maya, if you still have met they all come from the Autodesk.
Why so Autodesk join Amu joy band are also join.
Can you see that unity. Question mark right there okay okay.
Unity is not yet ready for the Omi. Wasn't even now still um now it's already two.
Yeah they are not. So where D for the Omniverse development?
Okay, so we use, um will X they stand up.
Okay. So some house here, um, will, will be a good path on for, for you to develop the games and then connect with the omnibus platform.
And then they do the wondering share the, um, computation power of the, the media their support GPU and then get the with self.
And then you display the we sell full your unreal platform. So if you want to use the Omega stand up to do the metaverse.
Uh, metaverse application mostly used to unveil okay, mostly used to unveil.
So the idea Omniverse is here. So they have the so far they are famous with the hardware away.
So server they have to perform. You set up a server.
Somewhere else, full of Nvidia GPU, full of Nvidia GPU.
And then you want that must perform inside this server.
And then somehow your game can be used to unreal to connect connect with the server or the person.
Here for example, we are doing the math or we are doing the exact track.
I can upload the object will time Cuda so far and your upload the object in real time can be displayed by using that and will perform.
And that is the whole pie now working part of Omniverse.
Okay. Got it. Got you. Can you understand the difference?
Good. So some house, the videos, and now they can send us all the object.
And then the part they can do it at the same time.
It facilitate the, um, um, uh, auto multiple pay uh method was setting because bear in your mind matter what effort you are using,
the will pass my wife or else I was the same.
But the major or the most important thing is multi pole pay.
Yeah. And also the user generated content.
So how can I tell can allow multiple people and then can allow um um user to contact at the same time is a core of your, of your service.
This one is way harsh. Okay. Is not a stand alone game.
Is not the games on your mobile form that you just, um, you have to we really tasks, you have to our IT,
etc., etc. they synchronize all the content or the object for multiple player at the same time.
So the server low and then also top of the object synchronization.
What low um what low overhead is we hide. So that's why we need new territories and new territories.
Hi. That is called Omniverse. Okay. Got it.
Okay. So you know the difficulty, right? The core bottleneck of all the metaverse development is you are going to support fast,
multiple player, second user, lots of the user generated content synchronize them at the same time.
So you need an extremely good video object feedback.
Extremely good server extremely good um, network connections to streamline all the things.
Otherwise it's only a stand alone game. So that is the difference between a standalone games and metaverse application or multiplayer applications.
Okay, so um, yeah, that is the settings.
And then yeah, all the game developer company and then they buy the server and then they synchronize the um,
object with the developer and then the designer, and somehow the gameplay tank can sync guys, all the things at the same time.
Uh, unity is lot.
So where they all lastly it company or I the IT industry is a gossip industry so they you can always find and this company hate another company.
This company is supported by another company etc. etc.
Unity is so similar. Thanks. So um, unity.
Um, I would say that unity become very, very famous because, um, they support the individual developer, indie indie developer,
and then, um, they becomes, um, hate by the indie developer because they want to get lost all the profits from it.
And that's why I and also, um, will hate unity.
You can understand. Right. Because some house, um, um, will, uh, unity get loss of the market so passionate about unity,
uh, specially about the individual developer market from unreal.
So, um, will hate unity. And that's why now they have the chance.
Because lot of the individual developers start to hate unity.
And then, um, will join the individual developer and empty unity.
And that is the situation. Yeah, that is the chemistry.
So, um, um, on mirror settings, um, say that's unity.
Yeah. Hopefully um, support the I think so unity.
They can synchronize to the Omega so far, but they do not allow to download the content from the, from the uh, omega attacks.
So at that point useless.
But if you cannot upload and then synchronize all your application at the same time, then what is the purpose of, of um of um, um, metaverse?
What is the purpose of multiplayer and loss of the user story content at the same time?
Right. So they do not have this kind of ability. So bear in your mind, only thing is folder is for the apple is for the, um,
will this folder near WiFi may be web exile folder open environment, but they try to um exceptional from the unity.
So unity here will be a little bit beauty by the artist.
Maybe go up, maybe not. But honestly, if you have heard the news from from Unity Unity office, um, um, they quit the channel marker.
So, um, at the very example, remember our one Pascal?
We still have the Hong Kong, Taiwan, China, um, had Singapore and also Singapore had office in this year.
So hong her office is the first office, um, um, um, close by unity.
Then it should be Taiwan then is China.
Now you cannot use unity in China. The updated version is not support inside of China market.
Except remember the Singapore that will be also crawls soon.
So um, next um semester if we have two options, uh, we have the chance we will invite Marriott.
So one of the reason the United are pub in Singapore.
So he has worked in Hong Kong. Taiwan. Uh huh, then Shanghai, then Singapore, then now back to somewhere else in and in Europe.
So, um, he will mention not off that thing. So, um, that's why you also need to learn something from, um.
Well, so, um, well, at the very beginning I want to go to charge of um, relies on is 1 million HKD for the industry.
So that's why is we expanding? You know, it is only for a team for 3006.
I remember per year. Ex I remember you should be 5000.
But at that times um, we're starting price is one meters. So lots of the individual drop out cannot do it.
But at 1526 vehicle the situation change because lots of the individual
developer unity um will offer educational license personal license to offer you.
So now if you use the um, wheel and then, uh, SDK, um, education or daycare, I'm a present developer.
So you can learn use um will free until you publish until you earn money.
Okay. So that's why they jump back into academic and they offer service because say that, um, the game market, the most important part of the game.
Okay. You start you if we do not have a huge scope of the developer to support our development, then it will be the end of this kind of game.
And so that's why the situation change in this few days.
Okay. And then yeah, yeah I have mentioned I speak too fast.
Omegas is a PaaS performing Sisyphus. So powerful service.
That means they come by two things. One, so far they have performed.
You know, the suspense is quite.
No one. So perform okay. So that means that they provide a server.
They provide the development tools. You can develop all the things for my so far my, um, developing tools.
If you go a little bit lower. So it's infrastructure X server IoT infrastructure.
Okay. So far that means I only provide hardware for you.
Okay. Okay. Maybe you go to, um, some most likely.
Now the use type as an is now a taste x.
I remember only a few developer or fuel company.
They will um, they are server on their infrastructure in their office.
So most likely they find data center. Most likely they will find other people to uh, to, to, to create a, uh, to, to buy the web app and stuff.
They own the server. So do you know what is VM virtual machine?
Yes. That's good. Yeah. Because, um.
Yeah. If you do not know that some of their key terms, you have to understand within this,
you learn a little bit, a little bit more by yourself because it's a professional.
We need to use the keywords. You need to have some understanding of this kind of the technologies okay.
So uh, this is somehow so far together with uh do one perform surveys here.
So that's why I always say that Nvidia GPU Nvidia also effects.
And then they also provide the um programing language development course case that you can manage the resource as resources manager.
Yeah he's here resources management. So somehow you can call the others.
You can call the workers. You can go better version so you can create that useless um, as we saw also etc. etc. throughout that API.
So XRP as you always have the API application programing interface to communicate and then also all sorts of the resources.
So that is the at once. And for the developer you need not to own the support you need to to handle the memory as has, uh, memory resources.
The only thing you need to do is sit in front of your laptop and then type the programing and then do the development job, and that is that so fast?
But with special effects, of course, you need to buy the stuff.
That's why if you buy the service then you have to pay that GPU and that is the situation okay.
So that's why they want to offer to us for you for free.
Because the lower level is that GPU card. Mhm.
Do you know the beauty of Dipset? Why Dipset is so wearable at the very beginning?
Because they feel that the information already beat not only about this part.
Later on, you would learn a lot of the things about a GPU card, especially in the game engine.
So I'm in the GPU car, so you have something called Koopa, Koopa, Koopa.
So the beauty of the, um, Cooper, I try to log lots of the function of the GPU card.
Okay, so Cooper, I tried to load the secret of the Jubilee Cup deep seat.
The beauty of the deep see is somehow they skip the Cooper layer.
Go to use the video card directly so they can have the advance of this kind of, um, development by using their chips.
So nowadays. So, um, if you, if you, um, worked in railway, uh, if you want to cooperate with Huawei or etc., while they always ask you,
hey, I can offer the, um, um, GPU card, I can offer something, but somehow, can you forget the things about the Cooper?
Tara, you work on Huawei development and then build your I that I out based on our GPU start and other ecosystem about
your uh and other ecosystem about your application by using that GPU and that is another chance or another.
I'm not sure that I will, but you feel well in the I always understand you are the GitHub engineer, right?
Honestly, I just know something from GitHub modify and I can use.
So what is the back part of GitHub? Engineer is based on the GPU.
I told you beauty is based. I'm going to Cuba. Cuba is based on Liberia.
So if you want to change all the thing, that means you change all the things from the low US or lower,
not too low was because you still have something else in the GPU.
You try to change something. Low was the what from the um, tubule.
It will be another difficulty. So we depends on whether you want to buy the Western solutions or you want to join the Huawei solutions about you.
So here you have the I would say that the um Zhao chart there.
So in this view yeah. Perhaps you have these kind of settings. Whether you go to Chinese or you go to Western Market, what's the market.
So most likely is joint debt deposit is lot by the video.
The Huawei is locked by the core technologies.
Lots but low idea. So that's why, um, our Chinese government always say that we want to bring back all the core core technologies.
The core tells you over there. Okay, okay.
And then with the core technologies, all the all the standard is owned back there.
So do you have the guts to start all the thing with Wally?
I'm not sure. But all honestly is a is a is a trend.
And now Chinese government always, uh, want to change all sorts of their technologies by using their own hardware.
I'm not sure that so. But in the policy political.
So they are go to this kind of directions okay Larry Daniel all the way the video and then uh,
yeah I always thought that we there but honestly I love China always.
We went out that, uh, Peter love China. Okay. Yeah.
So that's why I have to deliver all sorts of the background information for you.
So now India is the global advanced car solutions for all their cheapo cars for all the went away.
So, um, honestly, they have the key advantage for you. The first one is the TPU okay GPU advantage.
So they build all the cool part. They build all the TPU, but they, uh, they uh, do well in pine nuts.
And then they have very good content management.
You, have you any, um, you know, t to up here.
Hey. No, no, you're not backward.
Oh my God. So still. It's okay. You can survive because you can learn all the thing from unreal starting at the white.
Right. So if you have used the unity and then you have no loss of the assets, put it into the same unity program.
You run the Asus, you one or the, uh, program files that we source management of unity garbage amount of unity is garbage, right?
You always, uh, memory. I was told you always have the memory management problem.
Content management specially you are the, um, all the thing with different version.
You are. Keep up to your, uh, um, um, the object you are.
Keep up your task. You keep update with your content. You have different version, different developer.
Content management is one of the key point inside the metaverse posture.
And this we we we had to handle unity.
Omi was perform handling very well.
So you can go back all the things into other uh trace one and all only about it compile projects is about all the work.
Developing project by different use. For example by.
By the by the, um by the, uh, designer.
By the programmer. They have different brochure. So I have 100 people warmer than that means I have more than 100 or a few hundreds of the program.
Just just have have a look with your program. When you are developing a program, you always back up your porch away.
So within one day, you can create more than 100 versions of your program and each 100 program and create 100 program.
That means everything. You have one media of the version in your in your metaverse platform.
And the condo management is very important. And they do it.
Okay, okay. Uh, the best one is streaming.
So they have the best, um, um, networking structure they have uh, they always, um, um, trying, trying trying something that is new for the free me.
So not only, uh, H2O for they only good streaming technologies.
So they use I, we we, we, we, um, nest bandwidth and then they can send the without screen to your mobile and all sorts of things.
And based on your upgrade your bandwidth, they will update your frequency and they will send it out.
So based on this free, um, um, I would say keep on it for that's one the media hold on me was into a, into a this kind of stand.
And that's why their stock market becomes so hot. They still on the um, key core development part into it because of this free thing.
And this free thing is combined by their hardware together with the software solution Coupa and also also things.
Okay. So um, some benefits of Omega.
So um, for design, uh, so you have the metaverse, uh, sorry materials.
Um, define language model. So defining which means that they define the wave chasing wave chasing programing of your, of your material.
So if your, uh, device is not so good enough, it's also okay.
Right. Because the GPL is my is my part. If I think that I am the, um, um, um, investor, I want to calculate less computation power by using that I.
Yeah, the two people I can tune, the materials I can on and off some physical raytracing equations in the materials, uh, definition language.
And that is how the benefits visit physics.
Okay. Physics. So all the calculations about that collision detect collision detect particle event is is done by deficit.
Okay. Physics. And um, um, is uh, uh, open source and then some house.
Why the, uh, particle you particle effect in um, very so well, and so we risk time because deficit engine is really good.
That is the advantage that is the library that you will use inside the omnibus platform.
And that's why I some, some developer love to use um because this one visit x.
And then if we say x now they go to two different directions.
At the very beginning deficit x they focus on the physical calculation.
That means all the way tracing. That means all the physics equation.
Newton's law okay. They focus on these kind of things into the particle effect.
But now beside the physical well they also go to another path that says the new network we have discussed in the last slide.
Okay, we need not to went the all the things we when the all time things by human perceptions.
So they use the um new network to estimate the relationship of the different physical object and different feature objects.
They do not want the Newton's law, they want the physical.
They sorry, they want the new network. They want the relationship between the two object and they estimate the physical yourself.
Okay. So they goes into a two way and they show that success okay.
So that's why I'm not this, um, not only the, uh, physical environment, also the,
um, they would have what they jump into it and then do very well and not,
uh, you buy the lock box is very expensive because of their hardware and that is the out.
Okay. Anyone here? Yeah, I guess lots of you guys. You're only you're using the, um, uh, pathway here, right?
So that is their loss. And I guess no one would like to, um, jump into it.
So, you know, the, um, your notebook GPU and the x x, you know the difference, right?
That GPU card. Yeah.
Okay. If, um. Yeah, if you have trance, we can go deep, you know, focus on, um, this part and then, um, learn by yourself.
It's not a must. Okay. Um, he was app that you can do.
So because of that, this infrastructure. So they create lots of the surface API together with the program to how to,
to manage the assets, including the extension manager, to manage the data's match materials,
including the, uh, interactive documentation that call map stay what is um, done and then what is doing inside the document UI O'Meara ui.
So um, state with the version control and the interactivity feel point.
So if something is changed by the other user, so can I have a quick well, um, inside these um, um, scenes and I can do the change.
So this one, um, I can I with the you ask the universal change descriptor so the I can have this part and and two together
they provided new ITV integrate the woman and woman inside Liberia only was um um um um performs okay.
They created new ID. Unity is also ID, so, um, here, um, it's also a ID.
Okay. So yeah, you can discuss more.
For example, they have the Visual Studio Code, um, live connection and then, you know, all the people without training with the other, etc., etc.
So those are the tools and uh, some of the interesting apps that you can use, for example, some of you guys want to do the teacher human right.
So in addition, human creator on me was, uh, dead sorry.
They created audio to a way to create a digital human for you so you can upload your image and then you can change your,
um, you can synchronize your face with the audio to face and then with the audio to face.
So you can synchronized your was bit by changing their they uh how sorry their facial expressions.
Okay. You know that facial expression is different from you.
Just put a skeleton on their face. Why put a skeleton on their face is just like a Donald Duck.
Uh, but if you are using that teacher human.
So there are a lot of control part. And then this part or Chinese, the control points, uh, the moving part of your facial expression are different.
So they are changing your facial expression by the engine.
That is their beauty. If you are you, you only if you want to use it is easy.
Upload your image or tone your, uh, facial expression in their path all and then upload the audio.
Then you can have it. We we this time. Um, um, how say that audio to face expression in feed in your cam applications.
And the running time is pretty good. You cannot compare with the, um, unity.
Unity or conversation. AI is is is not realistic.
But this one is, we would guess, okay, especially about the West.
Um, people, you can do something.
Uh, yeah. If you have the time, you can focus on the Chinese people so you can create data set.
So that's a lot. Uh, um, did you hear my father tries people. So somehow this is still a missing missing area or missing key.
One part for we guys, Chinese people. But, uh, I repeat, I am not sure.
She said, okay, uh, well, try to go density quieter.
So I'll tell you what content, uh, to consider is Myanmar.
It has consulate. Did you have people down today? Yes.
Why are you. I'm not. I don't be a p. So I thought about that out thoroughly.
Because you are an engineer. Hulk out of the jungle. Yeah. So she said, um.
Well, daddy told him. And so that's all I say to you how to put toy.
You told to lie your whole house. I don't know your answer to your dad.
Take it out. So I have no idea, but.
Yeah, just for your, uh. Um. Yeah, yeah, this is a missing area, but I'm not sure that this, uh, commercial.
Where aboard? No. Uh. Two inputs, a Thai, um, LCD panel sensor.
I can't is here. Uh, Supreme bar soy old, uh, recipe depend a lot on you.
How do you how can you be, uh, you know, they touch on each other to say your mom put it in meals?
Well, you know, sometimes also.
Yeah. So so you can see said, uh, uh, Barlow.
So they allow the lines on the other line. So, so again to eat today, I think I'm just telling soy don't say I told them to you.
Okay. So yeah, you have lot of the metaverse apps so they can create a nice streaming and then these kind of live streaming now inside the, um, will.
You can also have the ICC. That means you can type in the sentence and then animate the humanoid model by using your tasks by using our sentence.
So I want to ask, so we have um. Um, these kind of projects just type in y'all.
You have to see that. Just type into the um, um, um, sentence, and then you can generate all the things by using the, um, bill entries,
but honestly only using the, um, so the today you have some for party to task to, um, video animations and then to task to video object.
If you want to learn more. Let me know and then I will try to include more link in here.
Okay, good. I have finished all the things within one hour.
Then we will go to the. KMT Obama.
So if you are familiar with the game development this hour, you can go to have your afternoon tea or go to have your lunch.
Okay. We will repeat all the things from the from the cereal to talk about what's inside camp.
What's inside camp. But you'll say that, hey, I'm the I'm one of the unity developer.
You haven't. Yeah. You have a ways up your hands where I'm asking the question.
So. Yeah. So if you are good, you have developer. So, um, this part you can skip.
Honestly, I one hour later and then we will jump into the, um, um, unity metaverse, new feature, unity metaverse.
Um, Neil diamond product, uh, production pipeline.
Um, uh, before before we jump to it still this hour is the fundamental of the metaverse, uh, fundamental of the game engine.
So anyone on today if. And I.
Yeah. Okay, so, uh, some of the interesting data go to WSU.
Okay. Go to the new. So if you need any marketing report for your project, for you to go outside and then do something.
Go to new OSU. Okay. New suit. They have a video house report and most of the content.
They are free of charge unless you want to get some profit data of one company or one.
Can you get a post timetable self data? So this one is a good marketing um, research.
All I will say that came with such company um in our industry new.
So here this one new shoe. So starting from 2012 up to 2021.
So I would say that the game industry nearly not nearly is excited more than I thought.
All of the, um, um, uh, in question. So every year they have the two digit increase month in, in their, in our cam industry.
So, um, um, yeah, I quatre ace PhD graduates I want here.
So have you. I have I told you that, um, where I quatro quattrone, I am I, um, another classmate.
Um, um, we have two different version. I stay in the Podio and then become director and then do the academic and then my college.
Um, sorry, my classmate go to ten sense. Why have you.
Have you heard this kind of story? Right. Yeah. So, um, we have the separate point there.
And then at that time, uh, I got the information from him.
So I start to buy ten science thought at that.
At this point, it's I remember I buy the ten and stop is only 100 something and, um, I one year, 2019 or 2020, something like that.
I sell my ten cent, um, start. So at that time it should be 500 to 600, something like that.
So, um, almost, um, two um, um, um, twice.
I'm almost up for a few times for, for, for my investment and, uh,
$0.10 go to 20 or something and then go back to 600 or something or 700 something nowadays.
And it becomes the biggest company in, in our Hong Kong stock market.
So you this one I can I with our with our camp industry.
I cannot with tens and um earning in in in in the market ten Tencent is really amazing.
So um they earn 10% of the whole market in the game of 10% for each um $10 they
have $1 go to their market at the beginning they only take on the Chinese market,
but now they earn money from the Western people.
They earn money from all the people in the whole world and they become success.
Okay, here, the market stop in 2021 or 2022.
In fact, this, um, data I stop here in 2022.
So can anyone here this quote, uh, um, can market after 2022 to me.
Is still increasing. Well, I, uh, take it.
Uh, they they take us lying to the ironing board, and that's the holder in earning.
Earning? Don't know. Uh, sorry, Tamina. So, uh, y'all.
Yeah, I'll. Well, hope and a while. Uh, watermelon are true foods equally.
Well, some money shot legally since I kind of take us all to onion cam industry.
The paint, what he does, that's a yes, but in the ones I mention how things are done.
Yeah. Tinsel.
Tinsel to a tinsel. Does it seem to need more community?
Pooja Yoshida Hania supporting Natasha since you're like you are puzzled a while Yoshida wasn't quite here until you got through pain.
Yuta. Uh, entertainment. Through pain. The fun part. And how much youkai scene do I can?
Uh, you can go to your whole home. For how long? But it's in the Tardis.
The whole home might tell you, like you thought you might have to do that again.
So, yeah, Luda, can and lander get Casey to do that.
Carl to go. How long till how tired? Casey. So, yeah. Honda.
Um. Um, uh, economic theory. Tiny bat. How long did economic theory take out?
Yeah, I think it's harder. What? Tada! Tada! Yoshida market.
Uh, one day. And so are you. Are you at all done? Somewhat.
Hmm. Huh? It's only pizza.
You can go hunting for volume up. Gillian Anderson got some of that, you know.
You know, um. And goes out to, uh, Tulane High School.
You guys watch Sri Lanka in your weekly win over your magical PLL.
Yeah. Well Delta pajama. Yeah, yeah, yeah, we'll just have pajama.
Yo, Totino's, hold out to the mailman. Yes, a Toyota yo, a, uh, t tensor.
How like a Joe Delahunt baller. So there you go.
You go on now. Closer, puff. And that's all.
Yo. Courtyard pool.
Yong Shu. Su paso is a Yemeni oatmeal.
Magazine. You want? To see how they got the light.
What I saw was how well you wash. It. Will make it hard to put you on.
Song goes out to the pool. Since you say I was using it in your house.
How can I tell you how? It has a yellow house?
Toyota, yellow. This is George, eager to take a soothing bath.
Okay, so, um. Yeah, it drops after 2000 trying to tool because a new policy should be in 2023 or the 2022, I can't remember.
Well. So you dropped because there is a neo trans policy.
You do not allow the, um, um children.
So I teenager to a paid a mobile game or to pay the caps um, um doing doing that with time.
And they can only play the games three hours per week is true.
Yeah. So I so that's why the, um, um, um, the stock market of Tencent or does not market of the other game come a job a lot.
So um, at that time they always say that it's just cut half of all the game company and um, yeah.
Is that is that uh, pause. They still here? Still here.
Hi. Time I take a. Most strict.
That's it. You know your time on the farm. Farm? Okay. Uh, so, um.
Yeah, they have the new policy, and then the teenager, they have a new, um,
method to get the game company at, get the, um, um, um, games from the company.
And that's why the, um, price of the ten sites and the other games.
So the Tencent now still follow the Chinese government policy.
And now, um, grandpa's they try to set up new server oversea.
They talk cat on old Farsi oversea oversea uh market and also use the overseas server to target pet to the local student.
So do you know the situation, right? Okay. So if your server is not in Chinese in China.
So somehow you can say that hey is um, is designed for the by some people.
And then for the Western people, they intrusions they do not have this kind of law.
So I can still allow other people to try, etc., etc.
Okay. So um, yeah, that's the situation and then it makes the money again.
So that's why the tension now is 600 something, 500, 600 or something.
Um, they go half. So yeah, if you see that, if you are in the industry, you know the situation,
you know, the, um, um, uh, policy, you know, the, uh, value of your industry.
And that's why you can do the investment and that is your benefit.
Okay. So, uh. And games came pouring.
They are sharing the same concept. So doing something from games.
Learn something from gameplay. And then you know how to do that in the last month.
Okay, so, uh. Yeah. Um, this year is not as good as you think.
It's only, um, I mean, 2024. Um, the market is only wise up five, 5.6% because, um, the, um, teenager of the Chinese,
um, uh, you know, tie in into China was banned by the by the policy allies.
They will 100% fall into the game industry and then do something.
But honestly, I'm not sure about the situation in China.
So if you ban the, um, game industry. So if someone they hate to study, will they go back to the study because you ban the games?
Yeah. So what is the meaning to the to the next ten years.
Um, bar. Well, yeah. How did how did you learn.
So you didn't know. But she found a law. Yeah. How to solve a little.
So this is how the elite uh, uh, then now they put you one to go.
Yoshida. All the way. Which you then? Suma. So I have no idea.
But you find a lot of small as well, cause they are yo yo yo yo yo yo yo.
Think you might was, uh. We searched the house of the drawer.
Um. So, Joey, go, uh, out. Real time strategy games, real time strategy game.
Yo yo tengo. Real time strategy games to watch. I watch all that's a walk off, walk up more.
Sold some bar StarCraft. Yo, think about literally Taiwan, StarCraft.
Honey, hide that you got your soul can you can't hear ye Chen.
So to put that one part you thought DoD StarCraft thought it's a mental model.
Kwanzaa. Yo Tatsu, final fantasy Dango yo yo yo cow culture.
Um, took off on Twitter. I show you how to cow. Uh, yeah.
So put in a walk. Yeah. Oh, yes. You follow you, uh, you go you a bar.
So I said stand for people.
Heidi. Hi. Sorry. Do you want me to. I thought it was a couple.
Well, I certainly don't see, I see, I see your eyes. I see the watch is a tie.
Y'all see the back. You understand how Twitter see UK told on our through our.
We're happy hot. So, um. Yeah. Don't, uh, don't pay for our situation.
Honestly, um, um, all the previous PV, our previous department hat.
We hate cam lab. At the very beginning, he thinks that camel is try to pollute the mind of your,
uh, of the teenager, but, uh, yeah, I want scope because of the tensor.
He change his my. Yeah. Ten science now is the number one.
Um, um, stock market, the number one company, you know, stock market compared with other banking.
Oh, you must come back. So they earn a lot and then they are trying to change the world.
Right. So I'm not sure that, um, lot of the Western people, they know lots of the company in, in, in China, maybe they know Tencent.
Uh, sorry, maybe they know Huawei, but they're fine. They know Tencent and they know take top guy.
So both of them they are they are entertainment. So anything you say we we a core part in our human life with our and um pay them with our happiness.
So how can you be motivated to do anything right to the world?
Um. Turned out Yang Yang turned to house.
I will tell you. I need to give up the diploma.
Mama. I supposed to charity that, uh, tan?
Uh, how do you find out? I was, uh, me?
I was given a load up. I might suggest doing.
Well. Yeah, I'll tell you how to support. I'll tell you.
How did you come to. You didn't know that. The charter la problema at the embassy, the tea bar, the Savoy.
Yeah, totally. I told you, the school team. Well, yo yo yo yo yo yo, baby.
Out, baby toy out the book. Alarm fire. Yeah, he said so.
Yeah. Uh, she's a woman. Yo. You can see I was also up.
But I see y'all. Yeah, you'll see you out. Also notice you out to come and talk only to don't see.
Yeah. Maybe I'm patchy. Pete Hammond toys.
I thought you guys. Ben, you saw, um. Tickle tickle tickle tickle tickle.
Wow. I'm not sure. Yeah, but honestly, um, another word thing is, um.
Um. Yeah. Um, got, uh. Yeah.
So. So while you can answer to it. Yeah.
How what I, I well, can I ask you because I've seen you in what I sang. Can you how to go singer water.
Uh, life. But I also thought she was a model. So some mobile phones, in order to.
If you want to study chimpanzee wants you to about that door handle.
Uh, so so so so we totally.
The baby yoa yoa ty academic you young people, you know.
These are the people that I call Sanssouci. You. How should I go full professor about the holidays?
I would be Thai to hang out with some magical. Thank you also some of somebody.
Sanssouci. It's also the leads. I chose.
Rather certain moody times or the Sudan. Uh, um.
Yoho Dong sun. And shut up. Also. Yeah, how I like lonely.
And also how how to how to how to put yourself in my viewing office for yourself.
Do then you, Benny, you should have seen. So it's who?
Uh. Full professor. Yeah. How he's also attached all so I think, uh, things will change also if you do.
Yeah. So. Yeah. Yeah, I think those answers will show it. Uh, tell us all about our cells, how to how to treat your loophole.
Yeah. How Charles island. Yeah. And then so now, you know, you didn't know until sun Samuel.
Yeah. How tall John to Jordan control house as possible.
Uh, so, uh, yeah. So you you there are two different directions of your career and.
Yeah, your of your knife. So, um. Yeah. Um, it's.
You are lucky because, um, you, I guess you are here because you have to watch to, to to say that to enough resources to make your own choice.
So definitely excel in two directions. I'm not saying that, uh, which one is correct?
Based on your resources, based on your motivation, you have to make your choice.
You have the freedom to make your choice. Okay. Oh, okay.
Marquette. Yeah. Most of them now PC and then console.
They are trying almost half and other half is the mobile game.
So that's why now um all the games they will jump into mobiles and then all the console game they are using the quintuple,
they are streaming the data to your mobile device, to your mobile things.
That allows your tap, that allows your mobile phone to play some free eight games to play some.
We, we uh, interesting thing because um, we we that's think think because some house here most of the past they are coming from.
Yeah coming from the smartphone. So uh, if you want to earn the money, always remember smartphone.
Always remember to use your, uh, mobile phone to perform for your committee is a mass.
And then, um, they legs. The legs.
Um, um, I will say that next perform for the committee. Obama. Maybe the.
I'll Casas. I'll Casas. So you may be something, um, special.
So maybe come by the Casas I Casas with your mobile phone to develop new campaign will be another chat game industry.
We are always looking for new idea Tencent.
They have lots of lots of tradition candy. Well.
But yet they will put money into a small development house and then they create a um interesting new camp idea.
So that's why you have heard that, uh, Hasan Wukong is also you say investment of Tencent.
Okay. So in their capital, maybe they will not do it, but they will fund the small business.
They will fund the small dragon house tomorrow, um, company to do something new.
So it's only part of them. Hey, here. Do you want to guess how many games can break even in the game market?
Break even? That means that I can earn my diamond costs.
Can you guess the percentage 200 days we are meeting?
Right. So here. Do you want to guess how many camps they can break even?
Based on percentage. Bank assets.
It's okay. Just give me a lump and I will continue. Ties have a propensity.
Uh, yo te tai chi Chi chi chi for action.
Throw away like the antenna to the body.
Chi for the change. For me. Like Law and Si Bamba. So we'll get you.
Howdy, cable. Just a cable guy, Farley, that's had 12 total turnovers and 27 goal.
Five. 1.9.
Only 1.9% of camp they can break even.
You say that money? 0.8%.
Less than 1%. Okay. Some big game company.
Even some big company. They cannot go to turn up.
They are pretty key. Somewhere is 10% okay?
Okay, so if you are the game company and then the PSA is so huge.
So what is your strategy? Yea yea yea yea.
Yea yea. Though I want you. Uh. To has a cavity in the toy bar.
What you do to a higher will suffer. That's a witness who can see in the hour $0.10.
La la la. $30 $30 awards is a high fat diet.
Well, it's easy to talk to the talker. Tobacconists, all y'all.
Yo ho. Transgender. WA tai chi su e la tumba.
Try to depend on that channel. Huh?
Go! So I told you.
And you move on to 14, you old John. Don't you go to Isaiah 210.
So y'all thought I'm, uh, two John two.
John to John two two. Okay.
So both you how can you ensure that you can earn money, like, say, for example, timesand why I am the casino.
So what's the meaning of I'm the casino. Soil diet.
High dose of water. Imbaba.
Be quiet. Be quiet. I will drive, okay.
Walk, Maya. Okay. Well, yeah.
1 or 2. General idea. Okay, Countess.
I'm less than true to your mark, I do bad. So he soiled what he also wore.
Don't talk. Okay. So what is the strategy of, um.
Um, um. Game industry? Game industry. You can divide it into two parts.
One is you guys. Maybe you are, which I'm not sure. You guys.
Poor guy. All I see is that the rapper. The rapper?
That means that. Hey, I have, uh, five cast me and then now five customer can form a company again within one year.
So you are that. You are. You are that. You are in the house. Okay. You are the poor guy and Nana is the casino.
Call cam puppy shop game publisher.
Okay, that means I buy all the games. Maybe I also create the games, but I am the publisher.
I have the platform to for you to download game for you to purchase, the game for you to do the advertisement.
I own all the resources and that is what Tanzania is doing.
Well, okay, so yeah, the winning way is so low.
So what should I do if I'm I'm not Tencent. You know what is a lousy.
Yeah. So you gotta talk to your demons for a title. I Toyama also Thapa.
Now you ready for a title. Well I don't know what else you found out here at Toyota.
That's about. Only 1%, only 1.9%.
You can refund money to all the Ileana so that you will put in at all your what he the law what I will so that I will put in the toilet.
Boy how was it then? You bet your evil t he puts it on to you.
But you for quite. Some bath.
Sell to ten cent. That's true.
That's true. So if you are the captive. So somehow you need to invest money, right?
So the most happy moment is you spend the money from the other.
Not from my own pocket. So get the investment from Tencent to the game.
South Tyneside. Tencent is always welcome to to you because they are the casino.
They want to own all the games. So they have the chance to buy all the things.
Okay. So they always fund some small game company. They always have the funding.
Um, situation for you is the truth.
So honestly, if you are the, um, uh, individual developer, so you have the ability to, to create gaps, you have the ability to try your new game idea,
but honestly, you do not have the money to do the game publishing because you do not have the money to do the advertisement.
So, um, um, uh, you got the author told you can go downtown Montreal.
Can be. Can't be. Downtown Montreal doesn't even do your, you know, downtown.
Want to attend the capital. What you the water. What the yachts. Okay.
So if you do not have this kind of money to do that, you must sell to Tencent for each game.
So most likely they will give you a one if it's good enough.
Okay. Don't do some what it is all is what? No one would give you the money, but you be good enough and it's reasonable.
So most likely Tencent will give you, uh, one one millions Hong Kong dollars and 1 million.
Divide by five five your customer. So each of you guys have around 200,000 or so.
One bar. So it's reasonable for one year salary. So that is, um, what they are doing.
And then there is the concept of the, um, um, uh, big funding provider and also small developer.
So you always have to do, you know, what is, uh, yeah, perhaps now I'm the donkey.
Okay. And the donkey. So you always put some foot in front of the donkey and ask the donkey to do the movement?
So can the donkey get a foot? No, but because they give you enough food for your defect, and then still they will.
You will, um, um, uh, um, try to do the things for, for the company.
And that is the situation, okay? Not only in game industry, honestly, in all the industry, they have the similar situation.
So if you have the guts and then you becomes the, uh, big boss, and then you come to master,
and then you can from, um, um, from this little otherwise is karma.
You do not have money for the investment. You do not have the money to protect yourself.
One of my fans, they create a they create a little fighter.
So what you say we we command, uh, games in in our h for.
Yeah. Uh, one times for 20 years goal. So they do not sell the games to the big company or publisher.
They, they sell the game. So I thought they won the game by themselves.
Finally, the game is copy from the other.
Download the APK, decompile, decompile, get the source code, change a little bit of the graphics or they do not train shot by the graphics.
Publish into other apps. Okay, see you do not have the protection about your IP.
You do not have the protection about your source code file.
You lost all the things and that's like situation.
But you say that, hey, I want to copy a game from Tencent.
I download that APK, decompile compile play into Appstore again.
We will do it that way. You will receive the legal letter from Tencent.
Yeah, yeah. But honestly there is one um successful story from this kind of case.
So they are the Tencent, uh, um, um, um worker.
So they quit Tencent and then they use similar graphics, similar situation,
and then put it into the APK and then get loss of the investment from Tencent.
So Tencent maybe they have the game A. And then the core developed team was fired by the Tencent.
So uh before the game a publish. So they create the game API.
We just we we similar to the game a put to the market a little bit earlier before before the uh before
the before the game publish after a and then they can get lots of the money and then they run away.
Something like that. So in, in the um, um, uh news.
Uh, so definitely you can search some information just like that is very friendly.
Okay. So yeah, those in your job.
So Yan, you move on. Okay. So that's why I always say that, uh, gameplay and also game, they are calling that with each other.
So, um. Yeah, you can use this kind of thinking.
And then continue about your investment because the whole investment of Pi the PC as we bake 200 billion.
US dollar, 200 billion US dollar and then $0.10 only get 10% of these big are they become the number one company in our homegrown stock market right.
It's where we where we are. Okay. Uh, yeah.
The next one. Uh, yeah. Nowadays, uh, where is China?
Yeah, yeah, China. U.S. market and China market. They are.
Half. Half. Man. It's cold. So, um, um, no one want to invest into a China market because, um, they, they will not pay for the games.
But honestly, it's not a situation right now. Those of the people pay money to the game.
I can't pay money to a tech to pay money to the entertainment.
It shows that when you are getting some money in your pocket and being like you,
still one of the biggest, most important pieces in our whole life and only about a 40 now we are good.
We in, uh, in China, we we do not. We, you know, we need not to care for the foot.
Why? So he's, um. Yeah. It's still okay.
Is we good? So, uh, foot is not a problem, then?
Definitely. We will move to somewhere. Um, similar to the other company.
We will move to the to the entertainment and death situations.
Okay, so if you can, um, say that you can solve the problem of India about the future.
So definitely India will become the second China and then, um, they will go to the entertainment.
So a lot of things when you're looking at the poverty what you you have to Hollywood movie, you'll also have the movie in the India.
So you also make laws. Right. Because they are solving, solving, solving their food problem.
And then once the food part problem is solved, a lot of the people they are asking for entertainment, they are asking for a better situation.
And man will be first adding pieces of the things they need.
Okay, uh, well, box number 20, I guess they will wise up a little bit in this few years.
Okay. Uh, number one is still time and more box is here.
Okay, so, um, try to imagine the metaverse and Walmart's metaverse platform.
Um, I mean, in, in, uh, I would say the metaverse platform in, in our, in our world.
So is we big pieces of money. Uh, anything you want to ask about the Q market or you want to share any questions?
Male. Yo yo yo yo yo yo consumer.
Uh. Yo, Tito. Uh, Ganja.
Johnson. Sosa. Pim. Bono. Sammy. Sosa.
Pim. Mon. You know, the warehouse on second hand penned.
Uh huh. Yeah. Payment on you. Now, there's always, uh, gene transfer payments also to Johan.
Dada. Dada. 1010 Johan boy.
Untidy bed. So check your cheat, you lot.
Yes. We stop at all work Industri. Hi.
Uh, um. Hi. Uh. Growth industry? Yes. We travel to Cosmo.
Go to a Yanni mention and torture. Yo, soy animal Sudan doll chat entertainment.
We shall see you there. Doing? Tell me once you mention uma to the butcher.
Well, you can't go without. Welcome. So what was your attitude out on the scene?
Uh, Eagle, Eland up on your back.
Tozawa! Jackson, can toto enhancer!
Enjoy the high. There you go. Yeah, yeah. Whole time on the farm by the sounds of song.
So you had your your pa. How do I know?
You're told. You're supposed to say. Yeah, there's a Delilah. Yeah, that's a good high key.
Like you have thousands of songs. You tie a tie dye, tankini bench oil, cheetah tile for your Sidama.
Yep. I go yeah. Yep.
Oh, yeah. Put the sauce out that you forgot. You are 12.
So you know. What?
I say I have some more time to go. Oh, so it's all about your slashers.
Okay. That's it for once, I want y'all to start earning your earning.
That's the whole tutorial earning. Y'all. Y'all.
Y'all. Y'all. Y'all. See y'all.
I want y'all to tell what you want.
Uh, how y'all y'all got the chance to lie to y'all?
See y'all to you like to lie to want y'all to.
And true on y'all. Too young. You forgot your high.
It's all about your slasher. Hai hai.
Pata Mal Chen.
Toilet. Yes. Yeah. Uh, one Uber, one year.
Uh, so I'm not going to talk to you about. So I thought of currency, which I was really, uh, to the transcendental until.
Hi. So I gotta ask you, how close is it? Um. Um, yeah, when Tom and I go about it, it's also, uh.
Yay Manson! Yay yay yay yay yay, Manson!
And then was all yay! Manson! John says, yeah, yeah!
Manson. Behind you. Hello? I'm gonna throw up.
Yeah. So just real clumsy. Tom. Oh, no. Okay, so, uh, why I thought so, um, some house about a higher income company, and then, um,
they have the turning point in, uh, in the last two years, and now they find out another way.
So they escape from the turning point and then go up again. So if someone is we as the true nature of the market, you cannot stop that growth.
That is the situations of lots of the, um, the loss of the industry, just like the, um, um, pig pot, the shop videos.
But honestly. For example.
Stop video watch. We know there is a need in salt videos.
We know. We already know there is a need in salt video, but at that time,
loss of the salt video platform and I also give money to a lot of the salt we pass on.
For example five spice salt five. So I hope and also a lot of the salt video platform, but honestly not all the small company they will be okay.
So don't think that hey stop video. They have the good the muscle and they have to cook.
Well then I will give money to the shop.
Video market is not that sure because this kind of the higher equipment company, not all the things they can get the biscuit,
they cannot get the pieces of the market, only a one or small can be, they can get the whole one.
So again, it's a universal one. That's why I always say that can company only 1% of the game.
They will earn the largest piece in the market for the other 99% they will lose.
So that is Campari. Okay. Silent.
Super unchained. Okay, so we can, um.
Yeah. Wow. Still okay?
I can still continue. Okay, so we'll go to Gam gam.
Uh, basic about the game. Uh, development.
And then all the game developments. They go into the same cycle, input process and output.
So nothing special. So, um, similar to other compared to application, where you have the import process and the output.
So input most likely is from your gamepads. Uh, sorry. Input is from your hands.
Uh, if you are doing the real device speech.
Okay. Now you can use the speech to control a lot of the things.
The, um, um, uh, speech to pass the speech to pass this, we mature.
So whatever you are speaking, Putonghua, or you have to be content on this, or you speak English or you mix them together.
So nowadays, a lot of the, um, um, um, um, speech to a task.
They are very they are very you not to recognize more than 98.99% of your products.
You have to input and then you will have to pause. So this one mostly is about the hardware and software.
And then you have to output. So most ID the output will be the LCD screen your screen.
And some of them go back to your either uh your uh your your your handheld device, the vibrations.
Okay. The vibration handheld device and also the audio for your ears.
So if you move to the back, uh, and I say that the hardware so most likely they have the, um, um, yeah.
Uh, gamepad, they have the keyboard mouse, and then they have the hammer display to attach your, uh, your positions and also your orientation.
Then you will go to the, uh, power pass software layer and then hardware software layout can be divided into three parts.
The most important thing is CPU. You can without GPU you can't with Ltpo, but you must have the CPU central processing unit.
So central processing unit is working for the thinking.
Thinking. So that means the game logic GPU is for your.
When the graphical processing unit CPU physical processing unit is about all the physics, that means your move interaction particle effect.
They will go to people but most likely together.
Um, uh, nowadays uh, they, they combine both of them together GPU, CPU they are together into it.
There are some special um, um, processing unit from the target on PPO.
Okay. But most like CPU, PPO they are mixed together and also the CPU.
Okay. So um, why CPU is so expensive?
So can CPU do the things for the CPU?
Do the calculation for the trivial. Yes or no without GPU.
Can I play the video games? Yes.
Yes. Okay. Without GPO, I can pay.
The, um. Um. Um. Perhaps. Okay. CPU can do all the calculations.
CPU can do all the calculations. CPU they can calculate, uh, lighting, lighting, uh, equations.
They can count all the things for you. But why we need GPU?
And why are you so expensive? Is about the update frequency.
Okay. You need to calculate loss of the things within one delta t.
And this delta T maybe is one over 50 means I can.
If you are one then we are one over ly t seconds.
Okay. Not many seconds. Sorry. One over 90s. Okay. Do you need to complete all the calculation within nine over one over 90?
So I would like to ask. Hey, so why the GPU?
What is the most. What is the beauty of the GPU?
So if all the things can be calculate by CPU, so why do we have the GPU?
Why is the difference between time? The defense is the command.
Okay. Every processing unit, they have some embattled command in their processing unit.
Okay. For the CPU, it's not so many. Is A11 hundred something, 100 something about the calculation.
They have the mathematical notation, they have that, you know, you etc., etc.
Logic and also mathematics are one 100 comma only.
The beauty of the GPU is they have some special command to calculate what.
To calculate what? To calculate faulting lumbar folding, lumbar okay.
Folding lumbar. So CPU, they do not have to command a lot of the command to calculate the folding that but GPU they have some questions.
Where is the folding lumbar in 50 games.
We have kids in the in the previous classes.
Computer graphics. Where is the folding lumbar? So it is a male assignment.
Male passive? Yes. I want you to see my salary.
But how do I. How can I see how. I think that's all I have. And tho yo yo, yo yo can go see this.
Oh yeah. You might see some assignments. Yo, that is how I said I send out.
Oh yeah. It's all not tonight that CPO.
So, uh, these are all checked out. Loyalty to their body. The hp MP need to, uh, turn down the wool.
The calculation if they're now CPU. And I told okay, GPU jiao.
So I need a one man pronoun. The yahoo GPU can CPU or GPU.
Taja, if you go south south, then that's eastern to your hands, that's the entire event center.
The one thing is I also can build graphics. Yo, cheese on the outside.
Southwest China. To south, shoot them.
Buffalo south now Sioux City, Iowa City sharpshooter voting Nevada.
Oh yeah, that sounds good.
Then that's easier to see. The woman can be graphic.
Depends sir. That don't put all of. That the better sounds.
Come on. What was that? Gpio opposite thou. Oh, it's.
I don't know how you go. He does sine cosine so that bar sine cosine that calculation Diana.
Type 19 calculation about fancy turning.
General lighting a source toward a tall yellow treat for the camera.
Ben DiDio, cycle timer yoa yoa make me you go.
Uh, take a, uh, polygon. The face. You are trying to make a face.
How do we. Because I know there are there are, there are you go.
You know, you go. Command sign. Take a, uh, position you need to back.
He may sit on cycle signs. All been on man to that.
Okay. Repeat. So some house GPU is famous about a full time pawn calculation.
And now folding point calculation is inside computer graphic special about calculate
the lighting from from the light source to the face of your polygon to your camera.
That means to your final screen. So for each face of your polygon they have to calculate one.
So lama particle increase. That means the of calculation in quiz okay okay.
And within one cycle. And then within one uh there is one cycle for example one over 90s.
So you have to count okay. For example here is the pizza. And then we have to 5000 polygon.
You have 5000 sine and cosine inside.
And then if you do not have the command in your unit you will be extremely, extremely slow for all your calculation.
And that is the questions okay okay. Hey for questions, if I only have the CPU and I cannot calculate the sine cosine.
So what's wrong? Then the pilot puts us all hey, me out.
Okay. He's on. All three are male.
Male, cheaply. Okay, once on the out your table.
Now talk to. Tell me about how you go on cycles either CPU.
Matching table a table. Okay a table.
Honestly, you have the correlation. So, um, the number of choice of all the cycles I.
So is the math, right? So if you close to 50.
So for for here the cycles are is 360 degree.
Right. So you only have 260 degree choice. So they have the matching people to do it.
If your CPU is not fast enough. No need to coastal.
Uh, each degree, each ten degree. So you only have 3636 choice inside the matching table.
Okay, so that's why when you are, uh, using your CPU to to pay the 50 can.
So you can always observe the gradients of your party cost.
So it's not so smooth way. So you have a, a set of the lighting.
And then you have announced that you have NASA and NASA etc.
So that is they are they are calculated. They're using the matching table.
Okay. And the equivalent of protocol where Jupiter is 5000 right.
Decrease them into uh 50. Then you can uh, subsetting uh, the graphics and then the update frequency in your, in your CPU.
And that's the cohesion. But honestly nowadays you have the Nvidia.
Why. So you put all this kind this free pack into into into your work with the GPU into your so far.
And then that time to calculate all the things. Only a 2D screen was stream into your mobile phone while stream into your tablet device, etc., etc.
So that's the second thing. Any past five year, anyone who will pay 5%, even five.
Oh PlayStation five. Um, and also the PlayStation portable.
So that doing something like that.
So the day and five, they do all the calculations and then stream the graphics from your wow to your PlayStation portal.
And then you can play that, paste them 510 by using your PS5 on, on the mobile device.
So okay. So do you want PES for digital audio types for Google?
Remote pay PlayStation remote painter. Uh, so yeah, that's the situation.
Okay. Uh, and then all the things will be a transfer into a 2D screen.
So, uh, um, if it is a, we are also most likely 60.
If he is, we are so most likely slightly. And then you also have the audio output.
You also have the gameplay output etc. You will have to uh, uh, post anything other than one.
So why we need web. Why we went.
To store the data, right? The GPU cannot calculate all the things in one cycle.
So you would need a temporary file template location, temporary storage to store the files so you have the web.
Okay. Why I need WebM for the GPU.
Why I need to wait for the GPU to store. To store your texture files okay.
To store your texture file. So when you are paying some old, um, um, video game.
So I so some times they will become, I will say that they will become invisible but touchable because they do not have enough memory for your,
uh, for Ram, they cannot enter your task. True. And some of the, um, if he is not, he pops.
And then if he is not a mapping problem, then you will be your when pop up, do not have enough memory to put the texture into it.
To put that, uh, is not the path is the file to put that file into your, uh, into your WebM anticipate.
And that is the whole process of the game. Um, um, um, um, cycles.
So why have I, um, uh, v games so is only applying, uh, 3D cam, 2D cam almost the same.
Yeah. If it is 2D cam, then we do not use the GPU, okay.
Because we do not have lots of the folding. Paul 2D cam.
Why do they do not need a GPU? Because most of the 2D calculation 2D cam calculation is not a folding point.
Okay. Tend to not have a night sine cosine calculation.
They are just both right. So if you are just move your your up.
The plus one plus one plus one plus one plus one. You will not have to see 0.2465222222 pi.
Exactly. You do not have this one. So 2D games they care about the CPU, not the GPU.
Hey one more things. If I want to have to free the.
We show you that. But I want to put you into a mobile camp.
And in mobile camp they only have the Lima CPU power.
So what should I do? Hey, uh, Peter, you're warm, right?
I'm paying the, uh, um, um, games from Tencent, for example, we have a 3D game from Tencent.
Uh, and if you came from Tencent, your thing is we are attractive right now. Okay.
You. That is we. Old school.
Right? Say. Yeah. Uh.
Say yeah. Talk to me on Twitter live. Imma sing Tulsa.
Sing, sing to do yo yo. Oh hi.
How hi all so. Oh, that is so cool.
Oh, yeah. It's okay. So, uh, so they say a video game, so I.
Peter, you're wrong.
So I, I'm playing a we, uh, I try to, um, um, I have a mobile game from Tannen's, and so, um, is, uh, is not extreme, but the fact is, we, we work.
So. So. Yeah. What's wrong? Right. So we only have enough computation power, but I can still play 50 games, so how can they do it?
Loss of the video game from Tencent. They are fake feed.
They are fake feed. That means they calculate all the things.
Feed went away. Now you have very shiny materials etc.
Come here. All the things. Turn it into a tool to fix.
Put this tool into your mobile phone and then the mobile phone.
You will use the CPU to one of the things. Okay, okay.
Uh, yeah. Do you need a break? Yeah, maybe.
Okay, now let's have a quick five minutes and then we'll come back.
Nine months ago. Yeah. Okay. My. Wife.
So. Hey, Dakota.
Marianna. Hi. How are you? I'm doing some soccer.
You're trying to tackle your tailwind this year.
Kite is here to see, I see. Oh, yeah. Today I wanted to mail one people to high school.
Enjoy the university life on one channel. And soda.
Do you, uh, even me?
About the moment when the windy, uh, uh, part of the methane.
Do y'all. How do how do you other yo yo.
Well, milk, I know, I know, I did my life. Uh, you want to talk about.
Can't nobody tell Tyler what I got me ten year old woman sound bite, y'all.
Terrible, terrible kind of sends out this song.
This house is about, um, weak email.
They put all your sends out to house. You got an email?
So I'll show you how Sue got out. Uh, so, yeah, that is the question is, uh.
Okay, so, uh, yeah, we come back to our lessons and yeah, we have learned all the things from wine talk and one of the interesting people to visit.
So I have mentioned before, the media is also, uh, famous about our physics calculation.
So the visa calculation firstly is about, uh, particle u fat.
So that particle effect, they handle this kind of um, the calculation very well.
So a lot of the estimation we are using the um, the particle effect, uh, they are,
they have access to another thing is not they are there is not only talking about using the physical,
uh, Newton's law or the physical equation to handle the, uh, physical calculation.
They also use that neural network to estimate the resolve.
So that means they skip all the physical calculation, they skip all that lighting most, not all.
They escape some of the lighting equations and then try to use the total to estimate the two to the new number to estimate.
So um, yeah, that is the situation right now. And here to come to full picture of the of the hardware and software.
So here we have to have our CPU, GPU and then we also have the software layer.
Software layer can be uh divided into three parts.
The first part is the description. The first part is your uh is your driver level.
So somehow about your hardware driver, about your CPU hot days and also or multiple etc., etc.
So here we also have the OS operating system to do it.
Then you have the middleware middleware.
It's a little bit different. So middleware we always call it hardware abstraction layer actual hardware abstraction layer.
So hardware abstraction layer most likely nowadays you have two hardware abstraction layer okay.
You only have two here. Anyone want to guess.
Middleware. How I have started layer. One is caught by rat X, one is caught so that you have heard about x y.
So if you want to one 50ft at RFID direct input to be a direct X family,
direct family is formed by the um, um, uh, Microsoft is formed by the by yourself and another.
How about abstractly I is. When is Microsoft and neither is Microsoft like Microsoft.
They are OpenGL OpenGL.
So if you are using the map machine, if you are using the mobile machine and choice,
um, Android is not Microsoft, okay, Android or other um, um, platform.
So most likely they are using the OpenGL. So um, at the very, very good old time.
So we do not have um, game engine, we do not have lot other things to support our game development.
We use that to y our porting source code. So uh, if you want to when defeated crap in the 3D environment.
So most likely we will spend three laps assurance. That means our three hours to one equip using direct programing tool your screen.
We need three hours to learn because the content is 014425 A4.
Page six I remember at that time.
At that time we still think that is weak because before tyrant X, so before that for different display car we have to write a source code.
So uh, if you are little 90 something so you are not 90 days is when you are born after year 2000, right?
If you are 90 it something. So if you have five,
three cars in the market then we have five source code according to define this up with the device is better because we only have one source code.
And then you can apply it to five days digits right.
So direct hand don't all the all the I would say that standardize all the developments of all the hardware.
So that's why they call the hardware abstraction layer.
And then uh, Microsoft start to develop direct.
And then architect might think that, hey, we cannot let a, uh, company to own all the results of the calculation.
So that's why they have to OpenCL OpenGL.
So today, when you are working on math or you if you are working on the Android device lot of Microsoft application.
So most likely um, they are bundling OpenGL. And now how strongly uh how actually out.
And then they will have the WebGL WebGL. Then you can use the browser to pay the video games.
So now you have the web example, you have the web um interface for the video involvement etc.
So they be to OpenGL and it belongs to a website that becomes to the web.
And then you have to feed the application in the mobile phone. So that is the situation.
So uh, um, yeah, you have to have a extraction yet.
Then later on, still a lot of the people, things that exist too harsh for the developer and they will have the game engine now,
they they will have the game engine of um, uh, uh, yeah.
Before the, uh, before the game engine.
So they also Microsoft also have some power language called XNA X and A is on the Apple of X,
and then PL y the API programing language for you to write the program.
Still, lots of the people think that is not perfect is too harsh.
Later on we have to unity and um, well so that is the game engine.
And later on on the part on the above of the unity um, beauty up they, they also develop different kind of game engine etc.
That is the second things. But today most likely all the game developer, they start in the game engine.
Therefore that means um will or unity. They select one of them and then go deep into it.
So um, will and unity will handle whether you select direct or OpenGL and then select the other how they will deal for it.
So starting point will be the game engine time point will be unreal.
And also to unity. Uh and there is this graph.
Okay. Um will unity. So they I think I mentioned about they are the hub.
Uh, they are the um, um, um, they are the, uh, graphic.
Yeah. The hardware. Graphic hardware. And they have the driver, Microsoft, handle all the driver for you.
So they have the hardware abstraction layer. They will have the direct or the RFID.
And then with the RFID with you have the Comanche, you can do the Fication if you are not using the video environment.
So if you are only using a 2D so they have the GDI okay graphic device interface for you to do the window application, we imported two or not.
They were in 64. So they are using the uh GDI to develop today.
Some of the application they want to skip the tower. Exe so they use the blender or they use the unreal or they use the unity.
Tawanda. Uh, so they use the video studio mass to render all the video and then put it into a 2D,
goes into a 2D way is still a possible solution for your game department.
So, uh, why have I, uh, you are using X or whatever you are using, uh, um, will or unity.
So usually they go for the same, um, rendering cycle we call quite game loop came up.
So game. No if you are using that. So easy understanding the fraud will be like that.
So you have to initialize. Initialize?
That means, uh, your, uh, um, how about how where?
Hey, I'm going to start a feed application. So here we will initiate the hardware abstraction layer X or OpenGL initialize.
Then we will have the low content means that I would load all the video object to uh,
uh, 3D model and then all the multimedia data, texture, etc. we have the low content.
Then we will go to a game though one of the most important things inside the game.
You will collect all the player input network input, then calculate the camera tray.
After you have calculate the game logic. Then you went one through the screen to the interface.
We call you job function to your device, maybe to your, um, notebook, or maybe to your smartphone, or maybe to the other things.
So you have to draw with the draw. You go to the update with the update.
You go to draw update, auto update, etcetera. That is called a gamble until you quit the game.
So we are know all the content and also to release all the resources.
So that is the game loop. These are the game load mostly.
Um, um is uh 5050 film per second.
So that means one over 50s. So I will finish one of the one game loop here.
So if your device is light beam, press access.
So less than one over 90s then I need to compile one screen to it.
So the calculation is um, compared graphics that we have learned.
We have the camera position, we have the camera okay.
And also the camera up. We will render all the things from this, um, for them to talk to the screen.
So that is the process of the draw from the whole card thing to the screen coordinate,
finally to the screen, uh, from the will call the into the will coordinate to the screen coordinate.
Okay. Value display on your smartphone. And that is the situation.
Okay. So yeah that is the common loop game cycle.
So in your in your feed well so we have the row coordinate.
So you similar to your unity. We have a position.
And course you also see all. What is the pattern here.
What is the plan? What is the essence of this?
And this? Hey, what is the plan of the fall?
I think another question is when the Mario Paper Mario is jumping.
What is the answer that we are changing? Why?
Okay, we remember this one is enough. Whatever your 2D or whatever is 3D when you are jumping mouse like this is why.
Is there any assumptions? Yes, but extra programmer behavior programmer come to understand we are changing the y value.
Okay, we are training body value and then we are moving on. The X is a plan device.
Excuse my plan. So we have the camera and then we have the camera position and then the camera and then the camera up.
And then we put all the things into 2D. So many 2D the origin is here.
But if we put it on the screen, the screen the origin is here.
Okay. The origin is always changing changing and changing okay.
Okay. So always remember this one is easy.
The game element inside a video game. So yeah because of the time limit.
So we should not we should I should not ask question.
So I just I was taught all the things one by one. The first element inside the game is the windows.
Okay. Is this this frame. Okay.
Is this frame not all the things inside your on your screen?
Not all anything on your screen. Is this window okay.
Is this window window is the content not all of your video content?
With this content you are able to when the all the things outside this content that is your
desktop is your application is something that is 2D or relate to your operating system.
So this one most like your one in the window is call your imp windows I call menu pointer okay I'm P.
You can have been 42. We can have we in 64. In in Apple you should be the story path core.
The story path in Android you will be 42 bytes AP, 64 bytes HP, etc.
So those are the imp. And then within this window I'm running the Xaml hardware abstraction layer.
That means the direct OpenGL O. It is what it will be WebGL okay.
And that is the that is the basic window of it.
So now it moved to the um, um, um, uh, object inside one by one.
The first one, of course, is to match with the object. Okay.
So all the things is while theme with the theme, we put the tester in it.
And then with that it looks like a 3D object. But honestly, all the thing you save, uh, is the lofi.
And then you will also have the, um, um, uh, you will also have the polygon, and then inside you have the skeleton.
Most of data, they are humanoid. And then inside the skeleton.
So you have to time theme animation theme zero is here.
Theme. Um, um, plus one. Okay. Uh, delta t plus one.
So you will have the new XYZ. You have the new XYZ here, you have the new XYZ.
So you will be a stop animation frame by frame animations.
And then they will stop in the animation and then put it into you.
So uh, just like be efficient off compare feed model traditional way you are create.
So that means you find a 3D model to use my, uh, video store romance or Bender tool to create your 3D object.
So here we have question Maya finished Tomas Bendel.
Which one is suitable for your candy? Walmart. Maya Bender.
Visual math. Hmm. Maya.
Uh, the correct answer is physics. Tomas. Or not at all.
Do not choose Maya. Okay. Maya is for feeding.
Wolfie for feeding. The difference between Maya and feeding Tomas is the modifier.
Is the modifier. That means some of the, I would say the pup in or effect.
Okay. In fact effect some of the effect, not some most of the effect in Maya cannot support in Gams.
That means they cannot support interaction or OpenGL. That means all the 3D model if I create in Maya cannot export into your cameraman.
And one very well Maya port is for movie.
Okay, bear in your my my my iPod movie.
So you'll find someone in tapas or in somewhere else.
Um, you you want to work with them and create a video object.
Do not ask them to create Maya. They the object that they create is very beautiful.
Wonderful. But you cannot use. If they cannot use, that is useless.
Okay.
If you have the money for additional mass, that means that if you are working in nature, uh, I would say that game company based on mass is good.
Um, they are powerful. But if you say that. Hey, I'm only an entity where I do not have loss of the money.
Time. Panda. Okay. Video store mass pandas suitable for candy.
Varma individual developer. Panda. Professional game company for additional mass.
Okay, it's about the money and about, um, I'll say that is about the money and about a modifier.
This kind of the code. So, um, choose this tool.
Find someone to create a video, uh, model for you. But alternative way is by the object.
I'm not sure that you are, uh, you have to ask sense of law, but honestly, yeah, I remember all within this ten year experience,
I always think that I still that they do not have the assets not only about the create create beautiful thing is
the problem about you cannot identify which one is the beautiful things are sense is different from the creation.
You will find that hey, um, uh, yeah, you will find we have a problem about selecting the correct, uh, style starting the correct, um, art materials.
So, um, don't or I never contact your designer and then never to create a 3D object by yourself.
If we can buy it from the from the different library,
just go ahead and buy it in the other in the other project, go ahead and buy it in the other path.
Um, go ahead and buy it. If you buy it, that means that you own the license and you can purchase unity.
They have a good as a store. And then, um, will they have a good, um, um, marketplace?
Okay. And also, if you are moving squish lab octopus, squid, double squid.
So, uh, squid also have to also have the, um, um,
not off the artwork that you can download and then a purchase and though okay, so this code and then say that,
hey, I will, I will use this graphic is okay in your project or your assignment, but you have to state your to no link or you have purchase.
Then state your purchase link. Don't purchase the assets and then cam that is created by you.
We are not stupid, okay?
We are lost. Or at least I think I'm not stupid.
Yeah, maybe sometimes stupid, but I think I'm not stupid. Okay, we understand some object is purchased from you, and today when you purchase I object.
It's easy to go to Google search. And then we just, uh, put your image into a Google search.
I can find the link. Okay, so last semester, there is a student, um, um, um, portrays the feet objects,
and then I give a lower grade into in, in their, in their, in their, in their posture.
So you will be a problem okay. So here purchase or create.
You have to make your own decision. Of course time is one of them and other skills are Patrick you need us is one of them.
You only create a video object if you want to, um, have a way when you need a style or standard style and then you create your video object.
Otherwise, if he is only a demo project and he is not your main character just by the 5050 model from the from the website or from the other store.
So that is the case. Unity as a store, um, will make a face.
You can buy it, um, and then put it into your tables, grid or other video.
Uh um um. Pro-Choice, uh, perform.
So make put your eyes on the lamp of Polycom and then make sure that is can be
used in unity or it can be used in unreal is suitable for game production.
Because if you know something that is, um, um, for movie podcast chat, okay,
they have lots of polygon, more than uh, 5000 or more than um, um, um, 100,000.
Then do not use it. Okay, okay.
Make sure that you understand this kind of thing. Ready for your game production a lot movie productions and other kind of.
The thing is, um, scanning, scanning. So from the scanning.
So nowadays you have lots of the product that you can scan your, uh, your environment.
Here is our p file for our laptop. So we can have the RGB, the camera and then scan the video object.
So, uh, scan the object they will present in a pong cow data pong capito.
With the cow data, they will put bat the texture into it.
So this kind of technology is called, uh. Um. Apology topology.
Okay. It's called topology. So you say research area.
So how to the scan that environment that that data together with your it together with your output that data.
Our data together with the output to combine them together.
And then this PDF Mamma is a research topic. So if you want to go to research, this kind of mathematics will be your life.
Move to the teeth. So they come by the pond cow data.
I'll data with the new network. So they compile free mathematical model together and becomes your your research path.
So that's why we always say that if you want to move, we move to research.
Mathematics is one of the important things.
You know fun things in your in your, in your, uh we are pumped because for the development, you only know the GitHub project.
GitHub engineer, right? I only download the project and then one part for the research project.
So most likely you are the GitHub project creator.
You use the other uh, GitHub project and there modify the mathematical formula into it and then create another project.
And I care about that project. So you have to have you have to understand the strong mathematic background,
understand this kind of the feeding model that model Punjab total in geometry compiled
with the um RGB data compiled with the new network and then become your research,
uh, path. And that's the case.
So yeah, if you are wondering and pull count data so somehow they will have to uh, nerf model is called a b, uh speed nine model.
And then yes. Uh, pom pom pom. So how to join all the porn together to form a meaningful, meaningful polygon?
Meaningful video object will be your research topic. Because for form the depth sensor the scanning, they can only scan upon the x, y, c.
But how to draw the porn together and become the polygon is a research topic.
Is the porn card data? Okay, so yeah, that is the, uh, situation, but you say that.
Hi, I'm only the developer. I don't want to, um, care about a mathematics.
So we jump to another application, um, settings.
Okay, but one of them is not my body. I do not have the sex path.
Okay, so, uh, there are two, uh, human body.
One is the, uh, sex pair body. Wow. Very nice.
Another is the scanning model. So which one is good for the for the game?
Um, implementation. Without sex, power is also not my body.
Hey, which one at now? Sex, power or not, is not the criteria of discussion.
A scan model and also a model created by a designer.
Okay, so which one is suitable for 21 months?
Designer wakes up your hand. Scanner model wakes up your hand.
The question is depends on this tango.
Tango tolerated. He went about putting out far and still finding your download songs I told you.
Also, he goes on sale. That's a very small issue. How something like that depends on your your idea.
That depends on whether you want to want the animation or not.
Okay, one the animation or not. So you say that if you need to one the animation, you need to find a designer to draw the body for yourself.
Okay. If this kind of object is okay, if it is a lot, I would say that this one.
If you cannot, it's object Y. If you scan this object, you will not do the animation.
This one is the translation. Okay. You will. Not bad.
Thanks a lot. Yeah I found its do working okay. You will not find a microphone right?
So you will not change the video object. Then it can be a scanned object.
But if you want to do the filter animation, you need to find a designer to draw the fitting model.
Because the designer will study the muscle of your body.
Okay, the muscle of your body. So if you bend the skeleton into your body.
So all this kind of the muscle animation movement or all this kind of animation movement
will be based on your muscle and their muscle is based on the point of your 3D model.
So you will move smoothly. Okay, you move smoothly, especially about a lot.
Or the humanoid model. Unless the Luffy.
Luffy no one piece. Luffy. All right, so they have the, um, unknown arm and then this arm is based on his muscle,
etc. then you can use another things that makes a lot more human.
So we have the muscle, and this kind of muscle should be quiet by design because if you ask anybody.
So this kind of body. So they are unique.
I would say that um, the point is uh evenly distributed.
So they have the same concept of all sample point sample points that belong is not based on your muscle.
If it is not based on muscle, you have your it lumps on your muscle.
When you have the movement, the movement of your whole body will be collapsed and is not attractive.
Yeah. Go ahead. Go ahead. That's good.
Okay, so, um, why, if I scan object or if I use, um, a PD model,
if EDP pass on your application and then you create, you can create different kind of things.
So. Uh, I, uh, and I think parang okay, tarring so with a vat, well, most likely they have a toe, right?
With a toe ring. Then all the physics can be applied, including the um, gravity,
including the collision detection, etc., etc. all terrain here most likely is formed by a B map.
Okay. A b map okay, a bit math. So they will use the color of from white to bat to generate that ring.
So don't think that this one is a PD object here.
You say for object y, but if you move to your uh, to our source code and they have a lot, they are a Jpeg file I think at BMP files.
Okay. They are a bit mac graphics.
Each pawn they will use the, the um, um, color of the, of the image and then define the um, height of the auto rank.
So by corrupt that means they have the higher, higher positions.
So most likely you have to zero 0 to 255.
Oh you have also sometimes they also have the negative one okay.
It depends on you want to have um their gradients.
So they divide them into half from 0 to 255.
Or if you have the negative that means from 0 to 120.
Um um Chen 100. Try the. 2021, then 23.
And then from 0 to -120ft, like so you have to steal 255 possibility to render this kind of block.
Okay. So it's called uh, um, um, yeah.
So what is this is called a toe ring. And then he is called a.
You have to. Have a special name.
I just forget the special name. Heightmap.
Yeah. Hi. Heightmap. Okay, so at this graphic, this is called the highest map.
He said to the graphic.
And then how are you to generate the whole terrain and that all the games should be happen in this topic and one of the core element inside games.
So with, uh, um, games, uh, with the terrain, and then you can have the video object put it on it.
And then one of the interesting, um, um,
game object will be the viewport pupil is you have to represent something that is not important inside your camp sense, but it is locked.
It's locked. Uh, there are options. They will say, uh, uh, RPG.
Yeah. They have the better presentation for your whole 3D scenes just like that.
So here, can you see actually. Right. So can you see them cast away.
So they are not important inside your game. But you have the tree.
If you have the grass it looks better. It's locked, looks attractive.
But somehow I was trying to imagine that if I want to put a tree like so, I need to spend lots of the polygon.
So how come I can spend lots of the polygon into a not important, not interactive object?
So we have something special called pupil pupil.
So pupil is using a 2D image towards a feed object.
So most likely a pupil is a transparent uh you say image with transparency back one just like this one.
Okay. You have two image and then uh, each of them are like two degree.
They are in top corner with each other and with the interceptions.
So with this kind of the same thing. So whatever you locked in different degree.
So they looks uh, they provides a, a uh illusion of the object to use the any all the plans, nearly all the,
um, this kind of a non-interactive object inside, uh, inside the inside of games, they are using the pupil.
So if you are paying the monster hunter not to or why you don't, what was the game optimize behind that.
Right. So all the forest, they are using the pupil to do it.
Sometimes the tree, the uh um the wooden part will be used to feed the object,
but the upper part or the upper part will use this kind of image to represent all the, all the, this prey we use to represent all the video object.
And that is, um, what we are, what we are doing by top. Okay.
Pupil. Yeah. We want to save all the source code and rules of game drama.
Save many x many. We saw say x you can if something that is not interactive that is.
Yeah something far away from your, uh screen try to use something that you can.
We paste for example here viewport okay 2D image to represent high polygon object here.
The pupil I saw it here. The skybox skybox is a six size crib okay six square.
And then to work on some far object file means that you can never touch okay.
You can never touch, for example, whatever I move.
How far inside these scenes. This one the back one is Joel.
This guy is Joel by a by a, um, uh, by a skybox.
And then you form into a dome. Okay. So have you heard that, um, um, um, in our physical world is also virtual.
Yes. Why? So some, um, some people say that. Hey, how come the night the speed of the night will not be change?
Y is not be sex y.
The speed of the light is not changing. Right. So some of the thing, uh, some people say that because like our virtual.
So, um, honestly, I'll, um, I'll, uh, um, I'll, uh, our solar system is trapped by our university.
Our university. I sorry, our universe. Our universe is a big skybox.
And there is a, um, uh, LED screen. You can think that all the, uh, glossy LED screen and y far away object and their close object,
they are using the same speed because all of them are from the same. Tom.
All the things above, the same LCD screen.
So is a I'll thinking about, um, um, all our object is virtual, but Y are not static, are not static universe.
But we borrow this kind of concept into the campus, okay.
Into a campus. We bought the physics of the game. And in fact, that's hey, if there is something that is untouchable, then why not?
We used a, uh uh uh bmp.
We use an image to we piece all the facts, and then we have the cyber skybox animations, we have the skybox coverage.
And this one. We can add 1 to 5 of these x y.
So you can be image in image or you can be an animation.
So you have the same y sunset. But honestly there isn't.
There is no sun here. It's only an animation. And that is skybox.
Okay. Uh yeah.
With the skybox. Then you can also, um, um, used a 60 degree camera to do all sorts of things here.
You can see that we use our 60 degree camera to capture a skybox and then.
Yeah, these two girls, so they, uh, they are, they are, um, uh, game object inside.
But honestly, if your camera is always shooting at, uh, I can think her angle.
Right? So they all the things, they look pretty and all the things they are illusion in the camera.
We are creating an illusion to all the user.
Our eyes. Is we with. Yeah. You cannot trust your eyes.
Okay. Yes. We with. So in uh.
Other thing, if we can create some illusions, then uh, we use to use a quick decrease, um, number of, um, coloration inside of games.
And then you say that, hey, it's not so well see that that there is no shadow.
And then when I'm moving level wise, I can not find the lighting effect is strange, but gives that 60 degree video.
So you only have 1.2 total, um, um, feet of soft light.
So honestly, you cannot have a lot of the difference, especially when you are using the reality wise to look at this ain't no difference.
So you low difference, this kind of affects this kind of game can save a lot of resources from your trading marketing start if you want to.
Yeah. If you want to create um, um, something like that's why.
So you went out of feeding. Well, you, uh, you used a feeding model to, to, to draw, um, the, um, character to draw the character.
So you will be online, you spend a lot of money, but with design of, um, solution.
P1. It's okay. I picture a 360 degree camera.
Ask the ETA to do it. Do the shooting in the comic key comic.
Take out the background. Put it into the unity game object.
The camera gets all the way to Polk and actually to your camera. Take a lot of things done.
Yeah. And then the interaction, you can create some limited interaction to the due to the player and suitable for the for the productions.
Okay. Okay. So next one.
Hey. Oh, how.
Hello? Okay.
UI. Okay. Um, UI of the, uh, of the cam.
So you have the 2D image, and then 2D image is a head up display, so you can touch the icon.
And then honestly, one of the, um, success of, uh, ones I don't know, is their UI design.
So they have a we we could use this slide because at that time when my, um,
classmate invite me to the Panther and then create a, uh, like to say at that time, it's not what they say that is lol.
Hey, lol has been, um, paid for many years, so if you just create a on the mobile form so I cannot see the um,
I can see the money or you must money so returns I'm what they are correct.
The success of call is because of that 2D interface is because of that X.
Uh, they touched all the control in a very easy way. So even that, um, um, primary school student or even the, um, 5 or 6 year old student,
they can control the games in a, um, reasonable, reasonable situation.
So UI design is one of the interesting things that you have to pay attention.
Particle effect. Hey, here. Do you want to add, you know, particle effect light?
So some house particles in they are not 3D object, they are the 2D image.
Lots of 2D image, but they are moving in a 3D path.
Okay, 2D image moving in a 3D path.
For example, there are lots of 2D mesh 2D made 2D image together and then become a cow, or become a smoke or become a black.
Question this time why I have to use that particle you have?
What Cedar was on him when she landed on Kurt Weill, Italian employee of KMT.
Romance and inheritance. Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo Etonians.
Who don't y'all? Whatever the ladies are more.
Well, let's see how young you fat. Because all the object in games.
They are the woodchip body. They are the widget body.
Okay, so when you kill a zombie.
So can you hurt us? Um. Um.
Can you hurt the physical body? Can you hurt the body of the zombie in the games?
They cannot change the shape. Right. So how can you present?
You have hit the zombie. Rock comes out okay.
The frost comes out. They are the particle effect.
Particle effect in games is used to play center stage change.
Of which with your body. Okay.
Because you cannot destroy. You cannot destroy the feedwater.
You cannot change the model of the water.
So to represent a stage change. For example, that get hurt.
They die. They they they export, they do something.
However. Right. So we use the particle effect.
And until we pass the stage of change. So they are call.
You are in fact telling us off the mountaintop.
So they are the illusion. Okay. To tell you that we have to flip that to you.
To tell you that we have to change inside of camp. To tell you that, hey, you get success or you have the status of change.
And all of them, they are part of you. Okay. Part. That's all.
They. All of them are illusion. And then you do shine. Is the particle you fat okay.
And of course you say okay because we want to save the saved, uh, with all sorts of, uh, of the games, etc., etc.
That's also the truth. But honestly, for example, why we have to smoke or why we have the night of the car inside this game.
Why? So any driver here, do you have driving license?
Yes. Why? So when you give it oil to your car, is there any laser from your car?
No. But why? We have this in our game. Because I will tell you that.
Hey, you have keep oil. Yeah, we have that. We. So feedback.
We show feedback to your input. And that is very important.
Why if I you don't know without these you. Sorry. You know we out uh, designs or in your game.
These are all in your art. The design wherever you studio feed, give feedback to the user is one of the most important thing.
And then camp, we are using battery fat. Okay. Uh, then is the lighting is fast.
So we have the camera and then we have the lighting effect. So we have discussed this thing in computer graphics AI.
So without the lighting we have all the things is thought why they looks feed.
Because we have the lighting in fact why we have the lighting effect.
So is the top product. And then of course product is the sine cosine inside.
Okay. So so that's why it looks 3D. All the things are illusions.
All the things are fake okay. Uh, and then we have to, um, say that we have the Collider.
Collider. Collider is something that, hey, I want to detect whether I hit the zombie or the bullet.
Hit the zombie or not. Why? So I need something to chase the object at hitting the air.
But try to imagine that when I. When you have the zombie.
Zombie? Maybe they have the 100. 100 polygon is 100.
It's not so many, but 100. They have the 100 and then the pull up for the pull up.
Maybe they will have a one, um, 20 something should be ten to try the polygon until you die,
when you want to detect the, the um, um, collision did happen, did have a collision.
So 20 particle to 100 particle.
And that means you have to calculate 100 upon 100 power 20 this kind of computation, because you need to calculate the face one.
And that one is very expensive, computationally expensive.
So that's why we use a collider. So most likely in the games we will choose.
Um yeah I will yeah.
We use the collider for example box Collider. So the past collide.
How many face there are six.
Six face and six. Right. Not only 6 to 6 calculation okay.
Six to a power six calculation. So the calculation is live map.
And there is no so extreme in game. So we choose the collider.
And then um um in the unity you have different collider that you can put.
So which one is the commonly used collider in game.
Capsule. Capsule. Collider. Capsule.
Collider. So if your computer is we we.
Rubbish. Okay. Yes. We we lo er. So honestly, um, some of the games they will choose Coke Collider because limited phase.
Why only six. You cannot six categories.
Six maybe. Yes. If you want to decrease you can decrease the.
How about you? Something is not fall from your heart. But if you are paying the Mario, Barbie will still have that job, right?
So John six is study map. So most likely if your games is they playing okay they do not have the height.
So they do not have the something up and down boss is enough.
Okay. So you are moving. I have to I have a boss by here.
So you are moving the boss code like that on a pad.
Okay. But somehow if you want to read is something like that.
Why? So the boss provider move to here. Can they move forward?
Cannot. Okay. So today. So when most of the applications so they are will they will use the capsule collider.
Because when you're talking here you have to up and down.
And then a capsule here also have a little bit a little bit up and down right.
So when you move here they will push ADP higher higher higher and higher.
So your character is able to move on your up and down to rank.
Easy. So that's why nowadays we use the Capsule Collider.
Okay okay. Of course it's not a mass. And then sometimes we use the match to do the collider.
We use different collider to combine with them together.
For example when you are playing different games.
So most likely your character, your character will have the capsule collider and then their runtime you'll have.
To bind it and then up two of them combined together becomes the collision that of your games.
Collider inside game is to save your collision frequency inside.
Inside your your physical game you save your game logic and detections.
Yeah. And then you have the Witcher body, the Witcher party.
Why? We have the Ouija body? Because I'm not. We will not change.
We will not change anything. And then the Ouija body will be interact with your terrain will be interact with all the physics inside your games.
And that is, that is um, the, the that is the, um, game.
Um, um, situations. Okay. So game engine, uh, easy to guess.
Why. So why is this game actually.
Um, well, okay, this one is unity lcp RPG because we will not teach anything that is, um, um, inside this category, you have lots of the choice.
Most likely we will have the unity or the unreal.
Okay? That is our our choice in our Pokemon. So don't think that, um, um, um, will is the best for the realistic path.
So have you play this game over, cook right over cookies.
Um, um, um, one commonly they use ICS.
I remember the theme of the old is only 1818 to 19.
Something that died less than 20 of the dramas to the whole company is less than 20.
And then they become one of the top 50 game company of one year.
They use this game to to earn a lot of money.
And definitely you can find lots of this kind of situation.
For example, can how have you heard about a company came to me Coke and how you say Japanese company?
Puzzle and try guys, have you pay Paso and dragons?
Oh my God, I'm too old though the can Hope is also one company.
They develop 2D camp they using unity and then become the top um company X.
I remember that they hold a top command for uh top ten.
Top ten out of 50 at 10 to 50 in two to yes.
Using unity. So it's a matter of your game idea is a matter of your camps.
If you all focus on PS5, PlayStation five or Star Stream, I'll focus on some.
We will take for example. Hey, someone will come. So you would need to use unreal.
You need to use some, uh, attractive graphics. But you say that, hey, I focus on campaign, so why not unity, right?
All right, so this one is very easy to understand, right?
Uh, I mentioned, uh.
Uh, I try to move fast, and I will stop all that things in five minutes.
So why you need Game Engine? Because today, lots of the games, they look similar.
So one light. Light is something starting from the first game, 50 games.
That one is called um. Um, Tom. Tom, one of the um, first I would say the first 50 games, uh, you know.
Well, why so, data, um, we have the loss of the first person shooting game or the games.
They look similar. Why? They look the map? Because they have the same function.
So that's why some people. Hey, you need to create you need to handle this kind of game logic.
I handle the game logic for you. So two days of game.
So you will have the basic, um, terrain. You will have the basic collision data, you have the basic camera settings, you have all the basic.
You just put your video object inside and then you can play the game.
Because when you are playing the Mario, when you are playing the point post X,
when you are playing the all 3D game, all of us need data function, then your needs are almost the same, right?
So that's why I create for you. And you buy our game engine.
You buy our, our, uh um, um, um, software and then you just focus on the idea, the, um, the balance.
Uh, I would say that the advantage of this kind of approaches the 21 times decrease a lot.
So today, when you have a, uh, group of five people and then you can create your games within one year,
and this one, uh, and the game is reasonable to put it into stream or steam or into other things to,
to do the tutorials, outings and then, uh, the, uh, the, uh, problem of this car poses all the games looks the same on us.
The all these games look the same within this, um, tiny us because, um, they are just saying that one copy bar.
Okay, so all the games. So somehow you are training their IP, you are training your, uh, PD, PD, um, character, and they are the same.
Right? So they do not have the new campaign in the market and that is the problem.
So, um, yeah, there is the dimension and then. Okay, mention starting.
The first one is call uh is from is for from Toms.
And then they have the first person shooting different game engine.
They have the different focus. Some of them they are focused on the first person to take some of them they are focused on the first person games.
That means the adventure games unity unveiled. They are famous in disc two.
Okay, if you are going to create a game, first person shooting game or your creator, I'm glad you okay.
So most of them, they fall into this category. So use Unveil and unity.
They provide enough functionality. The best solution for your you.
But you are saying that hey, I'm doing some special game.
For example, you are doing some waiting game. Microsoft put a lot of resources in um, um, for I can remember the, um, Microsoft car racing game.
Can you give me some things starting from F for SA?
Microsoft Racing game Forza Horizon?
I'm not sure I hate this kind of racing game because I'm I'm always the driver of my family,
so I hate paying the driving game inside all these kind of, uh, um, these kind of thing.
So some of the games they cannot fulfill by, uh, unity and, um, build cannot fail.
So, uh, Microsoft, they create their own game engine.
So car racing is one of them. And fi simulator Microsoft is also famous about Fire Simulator.
So they create a game engine by themselves. Have you heard about.
Uh, yeah, Microsoft Minecraft is also Microsoft Creator game engine by them.
Okay. So definitely you can find some, um. Um, some, um, cam, that is not cool, but, um, we'll, I'll, I'll create by, um, unity.
The game company can do a particular part that sell.
But the price the, the the, um, cost is we, we just like the Minecraft they spend x.
I remember they spent one billions US dollars to create a platform,
but finally they earn that all the things Microsoft and then the five simulator and also the um um um for the phone for,
for for Rialto for, for I have a I've also so they also spend a lot of money.
So they spend the money even from the bringing to the glass to refresh on of the bringing to the class the, the, uh, collision detect of the car.
So they put lots of the things, invest lots of the money into it.
So usually cover like all these kind of summation game. They would create the game engine and also also the fighting game.
So why why the fighting games. They create the um Comanche.
Why for example Street Fighter. Why?
Because this kind of the, uh. Um, fighting games is a e-sport.
E-sport camp like some of street Fighter there. Okay, so they have to do a very, very calculations about the party competitions.
Okay. Facing nation about to, um, say that.
Hey, um, which one is win? And then we're trying to lose. So if you do not have discount here, um, um, um, um, um, I would say that, um,
uh, um, collision detection, you just use a collider to do all sorts of things.
So you will be upload your gameplay, and then if you do your campaign through your campus,
then no one will use your cab except this ball and then pay for for many years.
So that's why they put the invest money in. Because this kind of investment is not talking about you only play for film month usually.
Yeah. You have to, uh, idea about the, uh, stream and also the PlayStation store.
Right. So eight games after five months or five, six month.
So the price will be drop half, um, drop 40% and inch off at 50% in game when, uh, after six month buy parts for the Street Fighter.
A lot of things they are not hacking on six month. They are talking a few years.
So at least we or five years. So they are using these kind of gimmicks.
They perform two to the esports. So that's why they put lots of the smoke and of course the RTX game.
So uh, yeah, Activision's and then um, their Warcraft, StarCraft,
they put a lot of the we saw assassin RTX cap and wider war cloth, um, that we, I will say that we made after Warcraft.
They have so many Pascal man because yeah, they pull up the traditional RTX game platform.
They do not spend money in this kind of development. They just want to get the money from the player.
And yeah, you if you. Yeah. If you want to learn this kind of story search Warcraft we we back and then you can find a whole story of it.
Uh yeah. And then nowadays you have the unreal and then unity um wheel or unity game engine.
They support you to create once and then develop into multi-platform.
So once you have creating um, um, will unity, you can um, export into into Mac into uh,
enjoys into our system, into, uh, PlayStation, into a switch into anything you want.
Okay. They handle this kind of publish, publish their games for you.
So you are allowed multiple platforms today, including the unity.
So the difference between, um, will and then unity most likely is about that point.
Language unity PD they are using C sharp, C sharp is some house to the Java,
so it's easier to handle easier for the beginner programing language C sharp is easier.
But if you are talking about um, we also they are using that C purpose.
So uh, if you are programing C sharp and C papers really are two different level of language, C papers that you need to hand and talk about a point.
Um, and then there are lots of that programing statement to a uh, finalize, um, um, coding.
So it will be two levels of the do that for the program is hard.
So um, busy. Um, this one. So they um, also create some tools, UI for you to create a sense but inside of sense about a programing.
So, um, they have to define family C papers C of anvil and C sharp for the unity so that that defines.
And you. Uh, yeah. The most problem is whether it's easy to use.
So you be tense on your choice. Okay. So, um, in our program, you also you can make your choice.
Your t and, um, will, uh, is not a, a lot a mass in your department of your project doing a metaverse project.
One and two. Okay. Uh. Yeah.
Let's stop here.
So we move a little bit lower to the cam entry level and then talk about the modules of the game and Lex license because um yeah it's good that.
And then next lesson we are the we are Iowa so we can move faster into it.
Yeah we still have the time. So uh, yeah, we'll stop here and, um, thank you for your time.
Uh, it's only half of this last night. Okay. So we will continue.
