Anything you want to ask? No.
If no, we will start our cars. Uh, because I have, uh, another, uh, seminar just after this car.
So, um, I'm sorry that I cannot enjoy the Q&A sessions.
So if you have the Q&A, please send me an email.
Or, uh, somehow you can reserve me a time slot and then, um, ask me.
Okay. We have car for the import of, um.
We are right. Right.
So just more warm up because one of your exam excursion definitely will come from.
We are now. Okay. So for the we out the import of the we are mostly we focus on motion capture of AI for the motion capture.
There are two way to do the motion capture. So can anyone tell me how to do the motion capture?
One is by. Optical.
Another is by. Higher ego, you idiot cow slew the title yellow boy.
Uh, the, uh, boy Daltrey.
How'd, uh, you turn me on ten. Tie tight tie to touch.
You know, uh, optical, electromagnetic, optical use like this one in Europe.
Okay. Is using different event marker. Ito medical is using cards.
And also, um, we accelerometer okay as a meter and Gauss scope.
Which one is better? Hi Harmony.
Mum. I see mum. So talking about the sensitive side here.
So most likely Gauss copies better. But why our smartphone?
They installed the accelerometer instead of Gauss call. Do you still remember Chip?
And will pass class Gauss copy. Easy to program.
Okay, I'll say among method they can use longer.
Okay. So always remember this one. And then.
Um. Yeah. Here.
So why the new we are system. They do not have the, uh, um, infrared in the external camera.
Why? So this one is really nice.
This one is PSB about two. So why external camera is missing?
What is the algorithm? I got these, uh, the wa inside out wise.
We we have the inside out algorithm. So for the entire algorithm.
So they have a low, um, like, scientific camera in or on their humanities pay.
Okay. So they will scan your environment and then turn it into it IMU.
Okay. So they know the basic fee structure by using the black and white camera is more accuracy.
Yes or no? Inside our algorithm is more access.
No. No. No. Is not more. Is is.
I will say that. I will say in infrared camera. Motion capture camera is more accuracy.
Okay. So why we use the, uh, inside out instead of outside in again is cheaper, more convenience.
Okay. Okay. So don't always think that, uh, if you have a high accuracy so you can win the market.
So it depends on lot of that implies for business and then convenience.
So those are the things about a wireless system. So just email to the uh, I casas um um deep city.
Our guys are walking away.
So they care about the weighting of the amount of the casas, instead of whether I can display loss of the feed, the image on the casas.
Okay, so they cut they cut the, uh, they cut loss of the project.
They cut a loss of the visualization. Only task can be more simple.
Um, um, um, a polygon can be displayed on their casas.
They focus on the audio. The reason is, of course, the first one cut the price.
Second is about, uh, um, um, um, uh, comfortable or not?
Okay. 49 gram is very comfortable. Okay.
Let me count to ten. May 1st. Tema. Causes a cold to.
Oh, okay. So whatever.
Uh. Okay.
Cow soup. Octarians in the wall. I ain't through the wall.
Okay. Uh huh.
Adichie. Yong. Tanker. Okay. Bouquet. Funnel. Okay.
So, uh. Um. Yeah. Uh.
Okay. So, um, um, second part of the output of we all.
So some house we have a mentioned in Las Vegas and so I so I'll put off we are most likely is the lead screen or I will say fast Queen.
Okay. So most likely the first screen don't. That is only a one.
Um, um, um, uh, 15 to 20 go. Honestly, the first we our system is like 50 something is is here.
No. So the first we our system is slightly 50 something.
So you put yourself in a way, uh, back, um, I would say that cinema side things.
And then they divide the screen into left eye and white eyes.
So they separate the screen to left by exposure to image to your, to your eyes and then test,
uh, sorry, 9868 but I remember that is another one is slightly 50 something.
But whatever is at 150. Yes. Go. So if you say that hey, this one is not so we out.
But honestly. So let's enter um has produced that first we have system is called virtual board.
Yeah. Virtual board. So you say first we pal um, can pay.
So you, uh, paid, uh, uh, Android that we are and mom.
And by using this kind of device and then you have the, um, controller to control the, um, analog to control the left y um, um, uh, forward, backward.
And then you can enjoy all things. So this kind of the LED device is well used inside, inside our warehouse system because the first one is chip.
We the chip. Okay. Use we chip. And honestly, if you put in your cup bought.
So most likely you can use your smartphone, cut it into half an MP set.
So all the YouTube or all the we are device, they are ready to do this kind of thing.
This we chip and then um, um, um, um, the vat wise together with the accelerometer as a movie.
So somehow they can trace your orientations.
So when they trace your orientation, so give you and other inputs about your, uh, uh, to replace your ad or not to a peso analog viewpoint,
so you can change your hat and then you can, um, um, um, uh, you can, you can identify your orientation.
Okay. So it's very efficient and then it's very easy to deploy.
And then, uh, mostly today when you talk about we are most the people,
the first image is about using the we are device using the early stage cream using the fast queen.
But of course they have the disadvantage. The first one is about the resolutions.
The resolutions is still we load. Okay. Now um, the Russians remember, um, Russian pole.
They are the highest. They are 200,000, right?
They are the highest resolutions, but still they haven't go towards it.
Okay. Issue for 4K plus something okay.
For your left hand. Why is they cannot send the image into a case.
But our US is 42 K uh is 32.
Okay. So still there is a big gap between the current image and then the um, um, our eyes image.
So it's not so good, specially, uh, because, um, most of the VR devices they are using, the, uh, empire.
Okay. So the lens, they try to enlarge the image, we those part is good enough.
But for the. So one thing, it's not so good.
Okay. So one that is not so good, but still, um,
we are happy because most of the people when they paying the we out their lot using the ice gates, they are using the.
Her case. Okay. Okay. We will not see the image by using our eyes bulb.
Okay. We will see the image by using a hack.
Okay. We use the hack gaze tool. We place the eye gaze so that this kind of, um, um, and all this kind of static still work in our we are device.
So you have to remember this one so loud. So there are some real devices they can have, um, at the eyes case inside, for example, HTC,
that there is an additional additional paths to trace the eye gaze um, which um post there is also additional to trace the eye case.
Remember PlayStation VR two. They also have these kind of settings, but not very useful.
Honestly not very useful. So some house about the outcast or about the, um, other HTC device Pico excited about.
They cut this kind of, um, um, function in their, in their system because using the eye case to chase the image is very hard.
And then, um, um, if you use you, you focus on eye case.
So definitely you have to improve the so one thing of your vision and this is the I would say that the pain point of the we obviously stop.
So why not just cut it. So nowadays um still some of the device they use the eye gaze but not in mass.
So uh, most likely they focus on the head gaze and then they focus on these kind of, um, um, settings.
Okay. Uh, yeah.
So, yeah, the advantage is here.
Low vision, low, uh, uh, field of vision.
That means the angle is limited to angle estimate. And then there is a, uh uh, yeah, this one is very tricky.
So according to the actual World Health Organization, they do not recommend the, uh, children, but they are 15 years old, right?
They do not recommend a teenager or children to use. The reality was the answer.
The reason is, um, that you're training device that is not, um, healthy for their, for their vision.
So they will command all the well device. So mostly you can only page for 30 minutes only okay.
For ten minutes only. But honestly how long you use the mobile phone for each day.
So you can open your screen time. You should be 3 to 4 hours by 3 to 4 hours, so I'm not sure.
But they have this kind of, uh, watcher station.
So if you go to the museum, if you go to somewhere else and that's your real device for the public use.
So you have to have this, this, this came up all the way out, which can be only used for 30 minutes at most.
Then you have to, uh, um, um, they removed your He-Man display and then looking somewhere else, and then we left for 15 minutes and then pay back.
So if you go outside, you have to, um, um, content is kind of, um, disclaimer.
And, um, yeah, that is the, um, settings that month is pay.
Yes. Right. Mhm. Okay.
So I forgot to mention one of the um I would say that we saw.
Last bit. So here this one is Stockport.
So have you um have you by the cabinet and then installed.
Hey, Caswell. Caswell. I have three cats. Maybe these cats.
Right. So try to call that someone want to buy the cover and then just go to top out and buy it.
It's only $10. So I have a question. Suppose you are using, um, but suppose you are using the mobile form.
So why now? So you are using a copper.
So I can only be tied the orientation orientations of my head if I want to detect the motion of my body.
What can you do? Hey, this one you say we just question.
So if you want to go to the Mac. So yeah one of the things.
So this one is one of the problem right.
So one of the limitation you can only change the, the the the the the the um um hat orientation, even the positions of your hat,
they cannot trace they can only trace the orientation because only the submitter is used and inside the mobile phone.
But now the question is if I paid the mobile we are.
So I also want to chase my full body motion.
For example, did you say dancing jam? Okay, so I will have a simple um, um, dancing movement.
So how can you do this kind of cheating? Can you understand my questions?
Yes. That's good. Someone say that?
Hey, they say camel, right? So why not? We turn on the camera.
And then we use the IMU to scan the environment.
To scan the environment. And then scan the environment.
I can know the position of the hat is correct.
Yes it's correct. But there are some disadvantages. The first one is about, um, your, uh, um, um, calculation.
So the calculation is still, um, is. Yeah, it's very high computation power you need to use.
And now the problem is now the question is dancing game I I'm not going to chase your hat.
I'm tracing your body. So how.
So I want to. Yes. Go. So there is a research, um, um, um idea.
So I think it's very interesting. So all of us know that, um, we have the camera, our life gear camera.
So here we have the cop out, and then there is an, uh, the mirror concave, concave mirror.
So the concave mirror try to capture reflections, like, try to capture your whole body movement by this concave mirror and then go back to the lens.
And then they develop a algorithm to chase the distort because the concave mirror away.
So somehow my body, maybe. I'm not sure you become fat or become, uh.
I'm not sure. But somehow you have to have another set of algorithm to chase the body movement, and it works.
Okay. We do not have the computation power for us, but it works.
Okay. Okay, so that is the, um, research, um, um, levels of research somehow to find out the problem.
And, and you find the problem. So, for example, the mobile phone, you, uh, uh, yeah, you can think about this is a problem.
Why not? We use the other sensor and other things is, um, some house.
Um, we we found a solution. So this solution may be combined with the algorithm will be combined with the hardware together, and then you solve it.
Okay. But honestly meta give you another solution.
Meta is the Facebook mask up alright. So why is that solution?
They pulled you a new. I got us with.
The ham back. I'm Ben Benjamin. Ben. Somebody with a band on your two hands.
Right. So they try to chase this kind of fat. Okay.
And then I'm not sure, because you are using the camera.
You are where? The eye contact. So somehow the eye there, you can have some fishbowl fishbowl camera, and that fishbowl camera can chase the marker.
And that is also work. Okay. So try to think outside bar.
Try to think somebody that is interesting. And then once you have the idea you come find the solution most likely is compile
a solution from GitHub to be a little bit add paper to become your product.
Okay, I'm not creative. And then I guess a lot of us are not so creative.
Think you can find out the solution? Or definitely you can find out some existing, um, situations about your product.
Okay. Okay, so don't be banned by our Sly.
The slime by now is only, um, I would say that the the the basic or the current solution for the.
We are all at Kirwan Industrial Solutions. Think outside the box and then you can create something new.
Okay. Okay. So, um, let you look something like that.
That is lots of problem. Um, um, yeah, the virtual ocean is not so good.
And then, uh, for the Hammond, this piece we bulky, heavy, heavy.
Right. So we have another. Is this one I'm s I'm.
So. I guess all you guys have go to the. I'm s um, um, to see a movie, right?
Yes. Why? What is your first PD movie?
Demon dick. Uh, kind of, uh, sanded, uh uh uh uh, tannins.
Uh, I find that I, uh, I, like I said, the Sudan two times.
Um, okay. Yeah, I remember, uh, uh, avatar 1 or 2.
Well, that's good, I'm thinking. Yeah. It's two.
Yeah. I say that about those movies. Avatar. Uh uh uh uh uh uh avatar two.
So honestly, I've Had a one is the first movie that, um, have three hours for hours, three hours.
So my first, uh, movie is Harry Potter, because I remember Harry Potter two how it sounds.
Hi, Sophie. What was it outside? So at that time, it's very interesting.
The movie only deal 50 minutes, 50 content, only 50 minutes.
So when you see on the cinema, you are so excited thinking there are lots of interesting things about Harry Potter.
We fight. Um, um, um, um, um, on your head in a visual, etc. like that.
But honestly, it's only some, um, 3D.
I can remember that you felt you should be in the, um, Harry Potter Hall.
And then there is some lighting and then a lighting, uh, fight.
Uh uh, move. I need to be, uh, forward and backward to your screen.
There is no Harry Potter moving, uh, in front of you, etc., etc. is we both starting from this point?
So, um, um, um, 15 minutes and then they increase in quiz increased the length of the movie until the avatar.
The avatar is for hours. Why they have these kind of settings.
It takes are one 5 to 7 years, something like that.
So from the first Harry Potter movie to the, uh, finally for hours, why did how Jesus sweaty.
Try to imagine that if you can, Sam 15 minutes content in 50 me, I can free our content in 50.
No difference. The project. They are the same. So why?
Again is about the user experience. Okay, so, um, these kind of the I mess.
Okay. I'll toast Darryl. All. Um, um, eyes casas filter.
So they have some, um, some of them. I'm not some of them.
All of them. So they have the frequency. They are using their weight.
They are two tone, their frequency. And that a certain time.
For example, if your Imax movie is 50/50, so one over 50s they will port your left has another one over 50s so they will watch your eyes,
watch your left port, your wipe, your left port, your eyes, and then for the screen, for the projector they will um, one over 50, one over 50.
So they will, uh, present the image of your left eye center image off white eyes, etc., etc.
Okay. Okay, so that is the face settings. This kind of, um, um, um, situation, you need the audience to learn.
They need extra cognitive load. Okay.
So I'm not too old, but you can ask your father, mom or grandfather or grandmother the hate wash, the video content they feel sad about like this.
They feel hate that they feel they are tired after the movie.
Why? Because there is extra cognitive flow.
Hi to the yoga and soul core, uh, leader Rita Tyler, the young, the, uh, the soiled, uh, uh, energy,
the apparently timer pop and Isaiah Thomas, who also toil, uh, to challenge you and depend, uh, was on food.
Yeah. How much were we in terms of neuroscience? Uh, uh, expert takes the top 2%.
The neuroscience, the expert, leader of culture. Okay, turn it percent.
Okay, try 2%. Okay, so have you heard that, um, we only say that our cognitive only I cannot remember.
One sense is a cry for the puffins. Uh, soup volunteer also said was, uh, so.
So that happens. So and so.
Yeah. So patterns this tutorial book on to Lisa since I knew how to actually to the top of the list.
So puffins is love Chittoor the user somehow younger.
Than the young passenger Ursula. Yo yo yo yo tidy towards I what do window team war John John cut the one yo.
But the reason why me two sounds easy wheelhouse I don't know we'll start out on deck.
Hello. So our house allies. Yeah. See a divide to the to that duty I don't I don't,
I don't have party to other larger so to allow puffin to Collins woman young to up up until uh also the land.
Yeah. Now Pathfinder also announces us a young Charlie Pinzon on con 13 Pinta.
And so they sing t the p balance. So?
So they told us how boy tells ally you help. You found all the lot t lie to you so you don't doubt.
You take, uh, take a tally of the, uh, t to the default.
So he then suit. What to do is a chi party pattern to suit the dollar.
So you go to yourself, Shanghai, to love you so he can touch you. And so you can touch you.
Toe pop up, the toe pop up, uh, balance are how we should do so she thought opportunity also back to these questions.
Okay, so for all this the movie you have to learn to pause has to combine two image into one for the object okay.
So somehow you learn from your left eyes. You observe the image from your left hand from your eyes.
And then you come back. This posture, this, uh, pose as you have to learn by your brain and it takes time.
So that's why the manufacturer or the 3D movie producer takes about 5 to 7 year to let the audience to learn this kind of process.
And your grandmother, grandfather, say that after the full 50 movie I feel had that, I feel tired.
It's not their eyes feel Thai. Yes, yes, they are playing here.
Feel tired. Okay, you have to learn this process.
So always remember that if you want to go to industry to do something, do not have a big jump.
Jump at it. Be a little bit. Okay?
Okay. So always remember this kind of technique and.
What's the another idea that we have to set. I can't remember, but yeah, just let be.
Okay, so left eye wise etc. etc. and then another one is not only using the fast queen, we are using the craft queen.
Cough cough cough cough fever cough strain for HP.
So [INAUDIBLE] off here we will try to separate the PSL into half and then by using a cough screen so they will go to your left eye and white eyes.
So that is the TV structure. Okay so here this one.
Can anyone name this product. The intent on fee.
It's not ends. Is fee these? Yes. How we make sure.
Yeah. So have you. Do you, have you buy this one.
Some say yes I'll say no. So you have to. And he asks why we say SAS.
Why to screen NDS websites such as. And then later on you have the switch switch in between we have this one feeds.
So Lantana already have this kind of uh function or these kind of tat need to create a feed image login Santa to.
Yeah. When on Twitch. Let's see how little.
Can I tell you that I saw your Maya throughout my castle water.
Hmm. So honestly how you pay for your mobile phone.
So for example, you want to pay to, um. L-o-l or other mobile phones, right?
Why is the poles of using the mobile phone? You know, you guys talked about, I think there was a, um, this and this and we and the post.
Yeah. So back to this feed, guys. You have to.
You have to hold your device at a certain angle.
Angle at a certain positions. Certainty stuff because that's curved screen.
So somehow they can only produce the image at a certain angle at a certain position.
So when you feed the feed Fiji ASP feeds feeds.
So you cannot change your hack. You cannot change your, uh arm position.
You cannot change all the things. You can solve a problem.
Is not comfortable. Okay. Okay. I guess is convenient.
Most likely, loss of these kind of devices. They are already by is not comfortable.
So old baby surprise. I'm not sure because it picks um QC quality control.
It takes up quite a lot of problem to control the car. Okay, so not convinced.
And then, um, not so um, um, um, um, easy to use that easy.
So sometimes we can't discard it. Why now?
The TV is still here. So there are lots of PDP.
But according to the angle, according to a lot of the, um, um, quite so.
They are not common in our home. Um, yours still is not very comfortable, is not easy to use.
We as humans are we lazy? So why the velocity wise cannot be.
I would say that's cannot be, uh, become a common device.
A common, um, device, just like your mobile phone. Because portable device on the hack is not.
So, um, convenience. Okay, is not so nature.
We are really lazy. So you can try to emerge or even put a real casas on the hat.
Human fingers is too complicated. So you have to think something that is very convenient to try to use, or what is already a theme park settings.
So if you go to theme park, if you go to a similar is another thing because you come here to enjoy this special experience.
Okay, so that's why we are can not be a home use device.
We all can be a theme party which can be a cinema settings, but not a home you device because we as humans are lazy.
Okay, bear in your mind about this one. Okay.
Of course, there are lots of, um, implementations about, uh, video TV, for example.
Now the information station about the feed TV, they are not, um, using one to cover screen and then to your left eyes and wide eyes.
They are using, uh, mostly because I remember how they can separate episode into four, one, two three, four.
Okay. So they can have a larger water angle to for you to enjoy the feed content, but exact change.
That means you use a a 4k TV to display a one category one solution.
Okay, I understand you separate one pixel into four, right?
And then go to your eyes. But this kind of thinking I can produce 4k TV so you won't want to enjoy the feed, um, image or want to enjoy.
Have a shot. It's a trade off.
Okay, so it's another things, uh, about, um, the manufacturing settings or this kind of thing.
Of course, if you have a special application, if you have a special, um, theme park with special thing, you can still do this kind of thing.
But, um, there is a lot of trade off between the technologies and also the industrial product.
And then you have to understand and you have to understand the, um,
nature of our human being or the nature of our human thinking that is, uh, and now kind of interesting thing, uh, cave system.
So have you with us. Our cave. Okay.
So, Bill, by Walt Hynek tonight, you say Hong Kong yu Hong Kong University.
Um, company, uh, a company that's set up by Hong Kong University.
So some house, if you want to a satellite company, our university can support you.
Okay. And become one of the, um, company that can have the market, that can have the portal.
And then to lots of them, because, uh, just like me, like I, um, um, professor, we we need to we need to, um, fight for the KPI of research.
Honestly, we do not have time to do the marketing, to do the portal, to do the, um, um, portal ization, etc.
So we we want some student to do this kind of commercial thing here.
Cave system. Bo tender is one of the company by Hong Kong U.
So we are we looking for one of the company that doing we are um party u okay.
So what how are you okay so you are technical guys.
Y so can you tell me is we can cater to do a cape system.
What is the largest? You have to integrate so that you have a cave system.
Okay. Find a way. You.
You have witnessed our cafe hive or their lead cave.
So I guess you have, um, some experience. So what is that?
How do you. You have to come by. To Gaza.
Yes. So you come back, at least you come buy two things, right?
That one. So if you have obsessed, there are lots of infrared camera and then infrared camera out there tracing your mocha on your feed.
So this video is Imat solutions. So perhaps you can have um.
Um, um, yeah. You can use it understanding. So at least we combine two things.
The first one is the motion capture system. And note the position and orientation.
So this kind of small cap system is ready. So what is the name of the motion capture system.
Oh oh. Update.
Chase opted out of to chase. Chase away!
Here. Hey, this this camera away.
So we have here. Okay. Okay.
So then where he motive to solving out there, lady?
Unity is where the unity is worthy.
Right here. Unity is ready. So some house, um, you buy the motion capture system, you by the motion capture system,
and then the motion capture system, they have a pop in API to the unity.
So now you know the position of hat and also your hand, etc., because you have the marker.
Then Dan, what is the next step? I'm SVT movie y, so you have to prepare.
A image of your left eyes and an image of your wife. Hi.
Right. So just put. If you only have one lead screen.
One. Well, so in your camera setting from one camera to two camera.
And then that's it. And then you set up the frequency of your left eye and wise eye synchronize with your safety glasses.
And then solution ten. Yeah.
That is behind the cave. Well thanks. He's just so simple.
Of course, if you have, um. Um, um, full face, that means you have one, two, three four, five, six, seven, eight, you have a camera.
And then when the camera in, in, in a, in a, um, let's say 130 is still a problem, but just by the GPU card, okay.
If you don't care about the, the process. So this one, the integrate solution can be done by you is only a integration of existing solution.
However if somewhere uh if someone else software is also someone else, you just need to integrate with them.
And then um, last week, last week, last week I go to the, I go to um, um, um, and I submit and then top with the leaf, top with the, um, boss of, um.
Well, I'm still asking about, hey, is there any update version of the archive system?
Because the united they they are they supporting is 2021 is already four years.
Okay, okay. So you can see that if you have a how, just say if you have something uh, that you that can put,
uh, the hardware and software solution into one, you can become your one and only one market.
And if you try to promote this kind of setting to somewhere else, you can get the money.
And then. Okay?
Okay. Cave system is easy. Honestly, I, um.
Um, um, for you guys, you have. You need not to or anything about about, uh, um, um, settings because the setting is handled by authentic.
So the only thing you need to do is put your feet into that puppy.
And then their problem with how to generate a camera or, I don't know,
a camera or at least, um, two camera into your scenes to replace your capsule, okay.
To replace your capsule and then connect all the things with their optic chat.
Um, um, um, um, motion capture system and all the things done.
And then for one cave system, they sell to us at least one videos.
Lisbon minute. Of course you say that. Hey, the GPU can't take money.
And then the motion capture system is A12 hundred or something.
24 thousands. And then for the gamepad or the effect, all the other thing is, um, is, um, uh, we also cost money.
But honestly, if you can get a good supplier and then order a motion capture system, how where GPU can be calculate,
you just on the top, you have a profit margin and then you can get the business and that is their business.
They are both handling okay Hong Kong your company. So yeah that is the setting.
And then hey so some of the um um, um, um, I've never about a cave system.
They are not fast green. They are curve. They are curve okay.
So how to do the curve cave? How to do the cave.
Cave? To understand the problem.
Why now? So you tell me that. Hey, if I have a cave system one, two, three, four.
And now I have two. Camera two, camera Q, camera two. Camera right. So how about you say K?
You say curve. On us.
The curve is. Uh. Be mad fast, Queen.
So, baby. You have this position. This position, this position, this positive.
This position may go curved screen. You can divide into ten fast screen.
And then for each fast screen you'll produce two camera.
So if there are ten, ten, uh, fast queen.
So you just pull you um, um, um, 20 camera into it and then you do the band and then that's it.
So all the things can be done, okay? All the things can be done.
And it's only an engineering problem to come back all the solution into one.
So somehow you know the tricks. You know that I need. You can be this kind of company.
That's the source of the answer. Yeah. How? Um.
Ten. Um. Ten. Don't. Turbo. Yes.
Okay. Yeah. He said the 21 and told you that I don't have time.
Um, I tell your one call or ten part pursuit attempting to.
So ten. Don't say I told you how to carry bag.
Uh, you how do you control the wall temple?
So you can listen to the resolution. See how I hope endure the toilet, honey.
Hi. Okay. And. Yeah. Number. That's a unanimous how.
You know, I take a technician. So you are you don't you check what happened to you?
You help 10,000. Like what thousand center thousand.
I work on this. It's a bit later. Okay, so that is the settings of, um.
Um, um, tapes land. Okay, okay. Of course there are more and more interesting thing.
For example, here. It's not here. But this one is not okay.
Okay. So that is more and more interesting. Uh, um, developments right now.
So um, here so they're in your iPhone.
So we have a come, come, come all come.
I can remember the four cups came, four cups come back and bro come back and something like that.
So that means there is a last loss of the last combine together to become your gear camera of your iPhone.
Okay. So that is a research call metal surface. They think that lot all the things capture from the optical lighting to your camera is useful okay.
They have a, um, um, assumption. Not all the eyes from the object to your eyes is useful.
Okay. Just like when you see, um, for example, um, where the underwear try to emerge or,
um, where the underwear, and then you have a finger to prop my underwear.
So what? So what is your, uh, our.
We saw that in machine. Your brain. I'm Nick white.
Right, right. So in our paint, we can have some.
I will say that in paint outperform I will say that we have something that we can uh,
um, I would say that, uh, fill out a missing pieces in our brain.
So this research methods of assuming that not all the light from the object to our to our, uh, to our brain is useful.
So they try to capture some, um, light, lightweight waveform that they think that useful.
We can shot all the image by using the neural network.
So on daily light capture, by the, uh, by the, by the lens, by the object will be used.
Other thing is using the new network to impact to fill up the missing area.
And they were it works for this one.
We complicated lens. Um um um settings. They can use only one lens to replace all the.
And they just use the new number to filter, uh, to, to, um, to fill in the missing waveforms and then put it back into our brain.
And finally we have this waveform resolutions and natural.
You know, just let. See. This is the image captured at night.
This the algorithm we passed by this kind of light.
Um. It's not perfect.
Uh. Later on. It's not perfect, but somehow, if you care about the metal surface and also the compact.
Yeah, it's compound optical. So the size of the lens is much, much, much, much, much more videos.
And then there is the um trick that they are use and kind.
So don't think that your eye can be only used in VR.
So honestly you go to a material science or you go to some this kind of industry, you also have your area.
You just use similar thinking and they apply in two different area.
So if you, um, understand that the Nobel Prize winner of this field year,
most likely they are coming from the AI, they are not study about physics, they are slightly about biology.
They are only study about the AI and then the AI to find out the protein, um, settings for AI to find all the things.
And here honestly, that is the view image. That is the we construct the image almost the same and this technology is ready.
So perhaps the next um, camera or next Landsat thing, specially um, in matter of AI,
they will use this kind of the camera on these kind of the surface metal surface and that are
just behind the metal is using the I mean network to be conscious all the image informations.
Okay. So yeah they is the next generation.
And then you have go to five uh before.
And if you want to do the project inside five let me know. So honestly what are you always looking for.
Some project that can be put into five. High five.
Um high five. What is the full name? I don't remember.
Immersive. We are in place H.
Forget about it. But if you want to use the hi fi system, just let me know.
So we are always looking for some demo visualization inside.
So yes, useful is fun. Okay, yeah, we finish about a week.
Do you need a break? Five minutes break and then we'll go to.
Ah. Okay. If you have questions, feel free to ask right now.
You know. Whether the workshop is extendable.
What's it mean? Extendable. Does y'all call it bookshelf?
John called calcium capsule the Benzinga boy.
The lender unit to double in. Well, boy one need, uh, spatial dialog or ten key talent out and out to the marketplace.
And what we want is they want you. Yeah.
You should take a lecture on how your whole prophecy writer can answer, you know, exact concept of one teeth and full Wake County.
Uh, take a manual, depending on some on you, uh, some of the more important.
CB over time, I think, uh, I know, uh, I got dandruff, but when you drift to what?
I mean, tangibly consulting these and then working.
Well, people might call you your ring daddy minibar.
So. What?
He's our top off handyman.
Hymie Soto maintained, uh, link bar. Yo.
Hi to Mayowa. Oh. Yo, Ross. Hello. So, dollar. Well, sorry.
The meantime, huh? Huh.
Okay, I gotta get you to. Okay. You okay?
Dismal. Oh.
How does it tell him? Uncle? I can't wait until milk. Mama.
Oh. Uh, yeah, I'm just lousy.
I got. Myself a latte.
Oh. So, uh. Uh, I believe.
That's where you'll find him. And the teams has a zoom. The link has some Yamaha Neo.
Seem to join in the $1.
Something back. May. I'll leave it up to you. What? You don't want to lose something as a team, Sterling.
You're not missing one. Link. Ellington.
Uh, you link the highway to the shooting.
Oh. Show them. You can do. I mean, 10 to 12.
Uh, you know, you got introduction touches. You saw, uh, you know, some million people try to use $1 million.
So the tactical approach I do. Yeah. How you can catch it gaining money.
Uh uh, you don't own channels which are not high, high rate.
And you are seeing some or the project about two months away.
Yeah. We don't quite see the conventional, uh, tie, uh, cow.
So the whole woman's okay to, you know, I watched a monkey show.
This is how you come to order so you can see, uh, Christmas Day.
How can you. So, uh, cancel the channel and cut it out or cut it out?
But you want to learn? Yeah. How? Yeah. How, uh, the intensity and how this is, uh.
Um, so the gang guys don't eat and then. Yeah. How joy.
How that's all you then there. Are.
A million, there's a thousand more. Stuff.
So I guess on the gun, uh.
I'm guilty. So. Yo, that's all I can tell you.
So. That's one simple case you can put on, you know, take on.
I'm, you know, trying not too hard to reach.
And that's enough to a point out what he says on the, uh, moderate issue.
Yeah. How to it will you hope to continue your meal, you say?
Um, um, um, um, content. Uh, say say so you may say, actually, I think, uh, 1000.
Pom pom pom. So you say traffic comes on.
So. Please do it.
So for your, um, pleasure. One that important to remember to form theme.
Of course, you can slash, um, one student to, to finish all the project.
But essay supervisor, we always think that a team of four is better because we have, um, Nima, something like your first one.
So we need to control the resources. Another one is we need to pay safe.
So if you are a project team of 3 to 4. So somehow that you have a good, um, um, combination.
So yeah, you select the project, the subject are also statue.
So definitely they will last some project that we're for still done instead of one unless you have some extremely good um back what you could suggest.
Mm. Mm. Uh, there you go.
You go and you. Then you take us to the shop.
Sure. To let me pay you for your water.
My. Product.
You show me. To suit your needs for longer meals suits you more.
You'll know how to close up. Don't go to any money.
That's it. That's it. That's. Ben. Uh, that's a long shot.
What's up? Yeah. So let me show.
You how well's schedule come with. Oh. Well, see, it all worked out.
Oh, Mr. Business partner for social responsibility.
Sonica. Before you say, uh.
Dad says it's not too bad. It's just a good time. We found so on the hunting trail.
Chamber of work, Adam. And we enter.
What? You send us your eco funding support without a sponsor.
Here you go. Uh, Katie Pollard, uh, shooting young woman Clayton Powell, through the funding we've been through, like you said, ten qualified.
Yeah, I only got one shot. It's a long shot.
Justin Timberlake a short term for long term. The situation for the young party to the shock development to develop to become.
So, uh, Soyo, the funding you buy sold what you paid to the janitor.
I'm sorry. Uh, can I see the Latin locker? How deep the top into.
How do you stuff out? Uh, maintenance. Yeah. How your customer service?
Yeah. Howdy to you. See you. Yeah. That's a good team.
Continue to help entertain your bosses.
So the somebody with a shot, somebody some of you had a chance to see me.
Oh, you just tell me. You know what I want you to look.
You're all here because I know we had a chance. Yeah. I just want you to know we are powerless to keep you out.
To [INAUDIBLE] with these. And that's the job of virtual environment, not your virtual environment.
What these people thought of me. And, uh, this is about all of y'all before.
I'm sorry. Uh, son and I would end up wanting to go try mine.
I talked to the, uh, CEO customer.
Yeah. How do you say it? Yeah. He waits. He thought of someone.
You? I'm not sure. Uh, the way I, uh, play small depends on showing you how.
Facial, YouTube, bank data and cellphone coaching.
I won't ask mom. You know, I thought you said you may, uh, custom serve as the young artist of the year.
How come you didn't know how they'll pay for the fees?
That's okay. I said you can't rely. What happened to our two man?
I'm sorry. I didn't mean to. Does it help with those three demons?
Uh, the, uh. How we can go to the harbor to see you about you in trouble for, uh.
Chow chow, Chow chow. The cops to to talk with all of.
You. Huh? Huh? Do you want to take a look?
So, um. Um. The cold case connects the samples of are.
So I can assign a, um, um, structural.
And so fathers who use of us age 12.
About me. Um. And stand I thought we.
All need to follow. That's a job. I to.
But. To, uh, put on.
If the one community can teach and you how Simon you how two yards away from ABCd.
How how long will you wait?
Uh, yeah. How tall? 1000. Way to go.
But you only to land or answer. So simple.
So say so. So then go, go go to examination.
Holy event to go on mission.
So y'all just some. I know you can ask for people to ignore the space I own.
Spatial tile would be inviting us the same symbols dot spatial that I want.
We tend I need that. You see the video?
You understand? You.
I go back to the demo video, right in case.
And so, uh, you know, so, um, yeah.
So the idea sits on, on and as I said, somebody keys.
I thought video switch either. What do you think? Um, because I said we do.
Yeah. How do I like the what can I help you make sense to me. Yeah. It's also the implement for some other than to know.
That spatial I0I see something in your soon to your recording using data so you can join to the table now.
Hey. Um hum um hum.
Um. Hum.
Hmm. Well, we gave him month presentation time slot to do a walk and talk some.
Yeah, Tai chi also. In the meantime, back to give you a little Q&A.
This is possible. With 14 male scouts.
Uh. One.
How do you change your household? Well, go ahead, I'll see.
Well, how do you approach that? Don't you try some on some toy?
My neither. You get what you got, you know.
Well, why don't you want to? Go.
Uh, give us the font size that I ordered, so I took my time.
You know. Do you want some time for.
Um. Will and Wilma will. Wow you.
I know all about you. That Daddy Cave Tom built event.
I'm special to alma. I'm lucky she went away.
Yeah. Why don't you tell Patty Thatcher finds out? Unity. Unity?
I found that special deal. How about.
When you have a little bit of time to do, you do not have a okay to do.
Okay. So here, here, here. Yes. So I'm just here two questions.
The first question is your apologize should be a TMP most likely uh tomorrow draft we'll we'll ask you.
So if you want to approach a subject or approach a project supervisor you should prepare a PBT to PD should involve your CV.
Okay. So what have you done. And then what is your team formation. And then second thing how to use the um virtual pita okay.
So this one virtual Pita this week or why. So some house uh for example.
Hey I will see if I pita a case that is we to um sandbox.
We are here. Sandbox we are. Of course you can post a post, uh.
Um, page. Of course you can post the voting depot by me, but if you just post the same boss real conversation, I know it's because, um,
symbolically we are we will be one of the common, uh, exclamation or use case that I use for too obvious example, remember?
So, um, yeah, my background. I don't have the same boss we are.
And then you ask him, hey, these, uh, designed a structured questions training button and then,
um, sandbox and then virtual people will help you to design.
And you can say that, hey, divide into four part because most likely, um, pita um,
um, examination or exercise here always divide into four part ABCd and then um,
yeah, he, we will try to divide into ABCd for you and then uh, try to prepare your answer.
But if you are lazy, ask him to prepare as a virtual. People will also prepare the answer for you.
And then. Yeah, virtual will be prepared to answer.
And you can ask him, uh, what is the keywords and highlight or keyword etc. and then virtual will continue the niche for you.
And that is how you do the big picture is. Very nice.
Yeah. Okay. Yeah.
So we will back to the um, um, uh yeah.
Okay. So we are and they are. What is the different.
We always put yourself into a virtual environment? I always put the virtual object in the real environment.
Okay, so always remember the major part of the hey, are we still the physical world?
They just put the physical. They just put the virtual object on the physical world.
Okay, so, um, you can easily tie into a few parts.
We all real and mixed reality. We are totally.
We are totally virtual. Totally. We are immersive at some house.
You turn on your camera. This one is the, um, um, screen over there, or you use the optical overlap.
And then to put the extra virtual object, virtual information on the screen, etc.
Okay. Mixed up reality. Somehow this easy to understand B side display the information of the physical world.
So sometimes I also need to need to, um, um, uh, chase chase your hand or chase other physical object.
This physical hand is interact with your virtual object inside the video wall.
So try to imagine that if we say that you say, uh, match reality, mixed reality, external reality, that means that you say p the object,
and then your physical hand can interact with the virtual object, and then you can grab this virtual object, put it on the floor or on the wall, okay.
They have more interaction with the physical object.
And then this is uh metro reality or mixed reality.
Okay. So you have to understand the difference, at least if you graduate from this course, you have to understand the difference.
Okay. So, um, you see we have the classifications of well, and then we also have the classification of R.
R can be classified easily into two parts.
One is yeah Michael and the other is Michael's et al Michael.
So means that you have car okay. Starting from QR code.
Okay. I'll call into the, um, um, physical object.
So you have to tap these options so you understand where is the wall, where is the fort, where is the wall, and then where is the floor.
And then uh, if you have more and more increasing, for example, I, I a Alcazar, I yeah.
Okay. So you also put in understanding motion tracing object recognition into it.
So we increase the capacity, we increase the computation power more and more and take away the, uh, the um, um, artificial markup from the human.
So the first easier understanding is the yamaka.
Okay. So you have the QR code here. So I guess all of you guys have this kind of experience.
Why. So use kind of everyday use kind of QR code.
Quite. Every day you spend more than time kill alcohol.
And then, uh, the first al um ah of metal VAT markup base of metal VAT is based on alcohol because these kind of two alcohol,
they can know the orientation of your brain.
And then, uh, when you understand the orientation of your brain, you can mash the vat object into it.
Okay. So when you rotate a brand or you, ah, rotate on possession of your mobile phone.
So some house, I know that, um, um, I have to rotate the vat object at the same time.
So, uh, yeah, if you go to let go, let go, let go, pop store or let so, um, mass go excite remember more that has go.
So there is a camera. So, um, the camera will try to identify not only the QR marker.
They identify the artificial image, artificial image for example, the thing,
the turning point of the um, um post started having part of this kind of the image.
And then Paul Jat, uh, um, um, waffle and slaughter, Buffalo poacher,
how to build the Lego or interact with the final product of the Lego to the, uh, to the castle.
So this one is very interesting and it's one of the good application of the app.
So if you want to do that eight out. Yeah. The first one is understand the QR code.
So why we can have the cow code. Because we have to position the uh detection patterns.
This one one tool for this free marker okay. With this free marker I know the orientations, I know the orientation of the plant.
And I can match the orientation of the pen to your computation, uh, to your computer or to your mobile phone,
and then match the pattern inside and then pull out a free object on the QR code.
Easy, easy to implement is you have to be all for your will for the algorithm.
So before yeah, this company has more than ten years I guess I remember ten or yeah, you should be more than ten years.
So this company focus on how to create a QR code.
So uh, when you upload your code cook or when you upload your a homemaker interview for your, uh, perform.
So why don't you upload your, uh, yamaka.
So they will try to understand the structure of your QR marker and then find a turning point here, the turning point of all your marker.
Okay. Turning point by understand the disappearance of the turning point so that they understand the, um, structure of your marker.
Then there is a path to tunnel. There are marker path to your unity project.
So once you download the Yamaka path to your unity project, um, draft to unity, um, um, draft the, uh, um, yeah.
Marker into your saint. Then you can put the video object on your, on the, um, um, before you yamaka and all the things done,
the API also provides you to on off the, uh, video object, etc., etc.
So the only thing you need to remember is here, this company before you.
So if you want to do something in a very quick. So you have to remove audio.
So they have to slam um, um structure for you.
And if you want to understand more about them, specially some of you want to go to research area.
So put a star on this keywords.
So starting from starting from the Yamaka tool feed reconstruction tool, all sorts of the um spatial vital understanding we uh,
controlling about the Slam, the localization and then a map pack, how to map the physical structure with your 3D object, mesh them together.
Try to remember this time because in the video we will see again in the other um, um, um, 50 developments special about reconstruction.
We always see this one. Okay. So your data is, um, easy.
So if you know the unity. So this project can be created within few seconds is to extend by, uh, 30 minutes, maybe 15 minutes to 30 minutes.
And then you can create a our project, our mocha project by using your unity.
Okay. So, um, QR code or Alma is the first generation.
Your first generation are second generation.
Ah, we have the, uh, increase month of the improvement of the computation power, improvement of our, of our algorithm.
So we understand two thing more. Okay. So that is why.
Yes. Code that is um, um, uh, Microsoft HoloLens.
So we also implement the HoloLens here. So it's for you local.
Uh so slow okay.
So it seems they out understand the video environments, why they scan the PDA environment.
Why. But honestly Microsoft HoloLens, they only prepare two things for you.
Anyone here want to guess? Have you, um, have you do any development in Microsoft HoloLens?
At that time, is we. Amazing, right? But honestly, for the HoloLens, they can only detect the fraud and then a war.
Okay, well, article that's already horizontal and also the vertical surface.
That's it. Okay. Perhaps they can detach your table.
They've tried to find out a similar patterns. And also using the as a meta file whether it's horizontal or vertical.
Then you can put your 3D object on the floor or on the wall.
That's it. Okay. They can not understand the turning point.
They cannot understand the surface of your feet. Um, object.
The only thing they can understand is the flat surface of war and also the, um, um, for.
That's it. Okay, okay. That is the they are damn situation.
So, um, honestly, the demo is very good, but if you, um, try to drop something inside the hall, it's not so amazing.
So 45. No, you are one seven.
Yes. Go away. You should be at once. I find I can't remember well, this one at that time.
Our lab is, um. Um. Yeah. We still have lots of the empty space.
Why now? We do not have the empty space. So, um, they understand the surface.
They understand that that that is the only thing they, uh, to work.
Okay, surface and then at that. So this one is important because when you understand it surface and apart.
So, um, um, you can extend your project into something that is go to the VR.
Well, so that is auto autopilot, auto driving okay.
Autopilot and auto driving. So that is one I guess it should be the killer application of the AI in our will or daily life,
because the situation of the role is pretty easy to understand.
You need not to care a lot of things. You only need to care about the for the robot.
Okay. And then what is the object on the role and the object on the role is to map.
Okay. We will find lion on the wall. No, we will find your mother to cook something on the wall.
No. Right. So the only thing you can find on the wall most likely is the car, most likely is the human.
You only did that to find this tool thing. Even the thought I'm not sure they can detect at all or not.
Okay, I'm not sure because we are not weak. Yeah, um, maybe I'm not sure.
But honestly, compared with the human rights, that's human safety.
We don't. We care about the safety of the wall, etc.
Okay, so that is interesting. And then, um, for the um, surface detection algorithm.
So, um, you have to understand, um, one of the interesting, uh, um, you have to understand two approach.
The first one is using the RGB, RGB upholstery.
Okay. LGB upholstery is somehow. So, um, um, you detect this one by using your vision, by using the C mirror image.
Because the LGB, they care about the color. Okay.
So similar pattern for example y I know this one is the table by using the color because the pattern of my table here is too bad.
But if you for that is another is another colleagues and I'll show.
But if you put my table and then color cmap most likely if you are using an LGB only so they will come by together into one surface.
So that is not so good. And then um, sometimes if you are using LGB for example, you are using your smartphone.
So you will come with your ISO, uh, ISO one meter or with your car or combine to uh, to understand the orientation of your mobile phone.
Once you understand your orientation of mobile phone, your inquiry, understand whether this one is for or what, uh, um, um, war.
Okay, you can understand this tool. So this is our cheap approach, PC outpost.
So we can use any other, um, sensor is depth sensor, depth sensor, depth time that is using the interact.
Honestly, the sensor is leaving up. There is no check you about about all things most likely is RGB and then most likely involve white.
So there is only two days two camera. So we do not use the ultrasonic.
We were using something that can uh use in army or etc. so those are the common sense of depth approach.
We understand the surface the surface of the structure.
But if you understand the surface of the structure,
it create another problem because there are loss of loss of loss of um surface that is not fat, okay.
They may be allowed to be a curve. So one of the um, um, diorama research diorama inside the depth approach of the camera is try to find out the more.
Normal. So you know that the cost and then the top model is very important, right?
So how to find a normal is using the.
How to find out a lot more of a service. Is using a cost or dot product?
Course product. Okay. What are one cost?
What are two. And then you have a lot more okay. So somehow see if you can scan the surface.
So you have loss of the point. So for each palm we using the topology put this thing in your hand first.
We will understand it later. So we will have the topology.
And then try to draw the total together to become a surface.
And then for the surface you have the water and then for the water.
Then we will have the lawnmower. Okay.
We try to crop the similar and more into one picture for us to decrease the computation power of the death approach,
because we only want to scan the four and then the wall.
So we want to simplify our calculation.
We using a possum rate approach to do it. How to use the appointment approach.
Yes. We scan the pond and then calculate the lawn lawnmower. So for example I will do that.
Or I will try to combine the two more mode.
That is maybe they have ten degree of difference.
And then we combine them into one tank. We have different or combine them one.
We decrease the number of calculation of the surface and parties.
Two approach we can find out the surface. We can find the four and a war for all sorts of the um, computation for all sorts of the calculation.
Okay. So with uh, yeah, this is uh, yeah, this is the second level.
Okay. This is the second level. The first level is scene understanding motion tracing and also object recognition.
So if you, um, go to why there are so many foot pedal.
So if you go to the, um. Um, matter, I so I they are not in the level of HoloLens two.
A whole next level. HoloLens can only find out the surface for and walk.
Okay. Matter. They want to do something more. They want to understand what is the situation,
why now and then give you the correct information and then give you the call relationship between the different different object okay.
Okay. So there are a couple of things you have to do. The first one yeah many as go we have the similar doing.
We use the camera and then we do the object recognition.
Yeah. Why not. Doing the object recognition is very easy.
You just put a photo into the Google API or Google Vision API and then you get the result.
But I want 5 to 6. Yeah this is quite amazing.
So we um we try to recognize um, different object and then virtualize the um, um, um yeah object by using an RGB camera.
So method, they are also doing like that. So how.
Like that too, man. So many. Yeah.
Where is that? Uh, that, uh. Uh.
Yeah. Oh uh uh uh uh.
Hey. Yeah. Hey, for example, here I want to do these applications.
I have Catia. So can you tell me what is the largest that I have to do behind?
By this massive fracking. Yeah.
This one. So put on the AI algos.
Understand the cooking step procedure. Yeah.
Honestly, they we all have this kind of of. I got us I guess should be this year.
What is their algorithm behind. If you want to do this kind of settings.
So what you need to do. Is here.
First one, you have to understand the screen scene, understanding all of us.
The scene understanding is not so easy. Okay, it's not so easy.
Try to imagine that when you capture a photo taken by Dia.
So you have to understand all the object in this scene and understand the relationship between all the object.
And then when this all the object put together, what is the expected situation in our human sense?
Okay. You need lot of the people to collect the data.
So why we hate mass here. But. Why?
Why, baby? Why? Why?
Because Mashaba matter. Facebook, AIG, etc. they a lot of our information privacy data.
We support their social media by putting lots of their data to their platform.
If I have to, I can as they are doing the I says they did not change their company.
Um um behavior. Why they put well why they step into the I Casas because when you have the AI Casas they can collect lots of the data from you.
So when you are interact with the other when you are speaking.
So they have the microphone. Right. So now we have the speed to task combined us week to task to this kind of the situation.
I can collect lots of the data from your daily life.
I'm not sure you are going to support massive effort or not, but definitely there are couple of huge growth of people that were against him.
And then in this few months they, um, uh, might be uploaded, I guess us.
And then lot of them, they say that they, they were not going to buy it because I know your hidden agenda,
but I try to think about the situation in China. Walk so.
No problem. I can prepare the data for you. So I definitely a lot of the Chinese, um, um, Chinese, uh, use, uh,
they will prepare lots of the data for work it and then when they prepare a loss of this kind of data speed with, uh, camera with the image.
So they voice over all the things they can prepare to I for scene understanding.
Okay, so the first one you have to understand is the cocaine.
Cocaine scene. By using your vision to get out, by using your, uh, maybe you'll try to collect the information from the audio, from the speech.
Okay. Your wife or your daughter? I am not sure. So they order you to cook something?
Specialty or, uh, spaghetti. Which one should be spaghetti?
So, um, they ask you to do some things and then you receive the informations.
Okay. That is the first step in understanding. And then you need to do two kind of thing.
The first one is about uh motion chasing. So why you need to do the motion chasing.
And trace what? What motion? Your hand motion.
Right. So why do you need to do the motion tracing? Limb, the physical object that you need to pass us.
Honestly, I'm not going to possess all the things that I have to.
I have to do. I just want to share something that I hold in my on my in my hand.
Okay. Okay. On my hands. Something like that. Okay. So some house I need to lean much all the things.
So I need to chase to grab more shot.
Okay? I need to chase. Maybe the point. Okay, so there a lot of the ultra in our physical world.
So I need to explain all the thing, but I have to understand the point.
Okay. Pointing actions. So I only focus on this one.
And I understand now I'm focusing on the project that I'm doing.
I'm going to do something, for example, turn on or turn it off.
So this is how I sit right with that motion tracking with your eye casas.
And then connect with the alexia. Alexia so you can do it.
So that is, that is the, the important things.
So after you have the scene understanding you have to move on tracing, you can trace the object that you want to focus.
Um, um um about your hand. Then you can do the object recognition.
So you understand the three step. So object recognition. Yes.
Um, yeah. Sometimes how to pick up the, uh. Yeah.
So was like, oh, I pick up all the things that you need to do, so they need to chase this one.
They need to trace this one. Exactly, exactly. So five steps.
You know, the time easiest to do it or even not a lot of the eye to do.
Your hand tracing can be to buy some special device.
Okay. So they are motif and then they can detect they are using uh multiple sensor.
So with this multiple sensor they know the muscle movement of your hand.
So they know grab something they know pawn something so they know the muscle movement.
So once they know the muscle move and they can go to the first step,
the first step up to what kind of recognition is not so easy to do it because there
are too many possibility in our daily life is we had to do the obituary can say,
for example, even the look form. So yeah, you say notebook or you say bad or you something else we don't know.
And so we produce new ball. So Appellee's bat is the best because.
They are the same but try to emerge and style Lenovo and then uh playing and then uh aug etc.
Okay. Yeah. They change the they change the appearance.
Right. So yeah if we, we had to do it okay.
So next version we will say that with this algorithm we can have a full AI and a Alcazar okay.
And of course hey why all my ruby cannot be played by Ava.
So if you want to pay tuition, Paul, let me know. So some of your classmates may have already followed, of which I'm Paul.
So now I will set the vision. Paul, you can pay for a month.
And after a month I will. Uh. If someone want to play, I will change.
I will give it to an other one to to pay with the vision. So let me know.
We have the vision, Paul. For you. Um, yeah.
Of situation. Okay. Input of IO.
So, uh, all of these are sense are behind.
So, you know, the type of apps. So you have to make the L and McAlester and then between the marker and McAlester,
I also we have different algorithm to intuit the input of the um al.
So it's easy. Honestly they only have two RGB and Def camera.
That's it. Okay. No nothing special. And then yeah, nothing special LGB and LGBT.
So I would not um to discuss a lot about these two car settings but for the algorithm.
So there is only one algorithm. Why now since you have to carry the new network okay.
So when you learn the AI so most likely you only learn the new network, you learn the different form of the new network, etc.
So um. Panther.
So a few years ago when, uh, you know, Mars step into the autopilot.
So at that time, the autopilot. I forgot all the things about at that time.
The autopilot is using the human to wait on the rules.
Okay. Autopilot. They're using the human driver to whiten the roads one by one, one by one.
For example, if I saw a cat, and then, uh, if the cat is on your right hand side,
and then I would turn to the left, etc., etc., the why the rules one by one, one by one.
But the way some is lots, of course. So, um, you can try to imagine that, uh, the all the we solve um, uh, by human is, is,
you know, if you have wider problems before, you can have also similar situations.
So if the logic is easy enough, the if then else algorithm can still help.
But somehow the rules if is more than 50, more than 100 is 5000 1000.
You cannot manage compare sides, only care about.
One thing is can I manage the content if there are too many, I cannot manage.
So, um, I want, uh, you should be 4 to 5 years.
Go. So, you know, mask, forget all the things about humans. We create our new network by data.
No. No wars, no expert. So we capture all the information from our lab, the camera, and then we capture the behavior of the driver,
match those things together inside the new network, find out their relationship.
And finally, they are correct.
So the yellow mask, now the, um, um, auto pilot, we can always say that the pilot still the autopilot system, they are still to pass, okay.
Because they have so many data to, to improve on.
And then the world situations in you you ask.
So most likely um, yeah. They are we perfect.
So now is we find the UI. So for the you know, when they want to present their auto driving tool to the government so that there is still a driver,
but the driver is somehow we moving somewhere else to looking at a screen and then do nothing.
They just pay, uh, the legal responsibility. So I'm not sure that few years later when you go out to work, what is your world?
Maybe your goal is only to pay others legal responsibility if something happens.
Then you go to the jail. That's it. You are not. You need not to do anything.
You just, um. How is it that we pay the eye to go to jail and then to go to the police, and that's it?
I'm not sure. That seems, um, this kind of situation is happening.
Um, not after Robotech. Loss of the surface world, but.
So they, uh, go to they go they are going to the market, and then they are find some, um,
people in Philippines or in, uh, South Southeast Asia to do the remote control of the robot.
And later on, this kind of the control, maybe for the, uh, for the legal, legal argument if they settle down.
So if something goes wrong. So they just find some people in the South Asia and then go to the peace and go to the chill, then that's it.
So it's a closed loop. Um, it's a closed loop, uh, business.
So I'm not sure this call out or not, but it seems he is a is happening.
It is also true when you go research for the team. How does a draw?
Um, uh, were injury concerned. So, so the, uh, Hong Kong draw, the.
So how do you how do you account for what I'm going to show yo yo yo yo?
Um, yeah. We go uh, I the lawsuit also, she said he sent out to the turbulence of students.
Ohio, young man. We would answer students on how to a robot like, hi, come.
Yeah, and so was our mom. Yeah, well, I saw him go to jail.
Yeah, well, Marisol is in the army of the army, or you're on the path to sainthood.
Checked the soil. They say people with the research to win the war.
So we'll put it out there. Yeah, that's a good answer. How about I send us to, um.
Um, so that's a Chihuahua cookie. You understand that a woman should wear boots?
Yeah. Damn. Woman says it's a way to to help us since our party.
Yeah. So? So I mailed out high water content for Saint Michael.
I think that's to. Well, let's say that would end this.
Yeah. Jack puts it down. Okay, so that's interesting.
So here we come to the, uh. Um, um, lex Lex, that is called machine learning.
Machine learning. You have to understand because, um, uh, x I, uh, discussed to you.
So most likely, uh, job will be replaced by the, by the AI.
And then you have to briefly understand, because some of you guys are not coming from the combat side.
So here we step into the machine learning and then know something about the AI.
Honestly the first computer happens in 1950 somewhere by an unknown in the Second World War at that time and tuning.
Also find out a, uh, definition about artificial intelligence.
So starting from 1950, we already have AI.
AI in Cuda. If ten elbows AI is not equals or competition, go to the neural network.
AI is a super star. Okay, inside this soup there are lots of lots of different components.
For example. Woops. For example, my PhD study is about a fuzzy.
So now no one used the fuzzy logic by. But honesty is here.
I could lost all the facts. Uh will base and then x.
I remember once I go to the um, I convince x, I remember the first.
I can't find the item at that time. They they have to they have to call and then I want to that's called AlphaGo new.
Never kill all the area of fuzzy kill all the area of the evolution algorithm, etc., etc.
So if you go to a resource, you have to fully understand, yeah, you were so hot for five years,
but maybe after five years your algorithm will not be used by the other and no one will continue to research.
So you have to understand this part, okay. Will be fussy, so they are all under the neon.
They are all under the artificial intelligence. And then I want 9080 something.
So because we got human creator email and then we create too many email.
So we have to find a way to filter the junk mail. And then we start to have the machine learning.
Machine learning. At that time machine learning. We don't want to create that if time goes out.
Because if you create a with an if, then else will if then else wars for the junk mail, you will be your nightmare.
Every day you have a new type of the junk mail. So today is going to sell you about the, the, um, um, maybe about the electronic device.
So to model, you will ask you to join, um, the gym and then um, um,
they after to model you have a cast, send you an email and they ask for help, etc., etc.
All right. There are too many type, just like the scam, right?
When you receive the scam, you cannot finish um, um,
the scam by using that if you cannot find out is there is a perfect GPU paste that can filter out all the junk mail.
So at that time we start and are the expert.
It is called a machine learning. And then we try to filter out uh, email is worth.
Fail. Fail? Yeah. Honestly, before 2010, no one care about machine learning.
That's true. At that time, you have the machine learning to do the junk mail filtering and then junk mail filter.
Why is junk mail filter very useful? John.
Okay, so they are rubbish. It's not where you go until to a turning point is caught off our code.
So do you remember AlphaGo? Yes.
Why? So these the last iterations, um, um, um, stand up for weak icMl.
And finally there I won our human.
And why now still they are they, uh, um, uh, outperforms our human a lot, a lot in that world.
Okay. So, um, something from 2010. So they go to another area is called deep learning, deep learning and neural network.
We born wider. Okay. New network.
We born wider before AlphaGo.
Not so many people care about a new network. Honestly, uh, I remember I go to the fancy conference.
Um, um, if you have go to fancy for, um, fun. Still, the, uh, you master of the fancy conference, the the remind how of the fuzzy logic.
He is still here, but for the inventor of the new network, he die for 3 or 4 years after he won the new network.
And at that time, you know what kind of 40 people, um, and then solve the problem.
So no one care. Fuzzy is using less computation power to solve the problem with rule based path.
The statistical, um, uh, statistic distribution is like that using less computation power and no one fighting,
start using more and more CPU and GPU to solve the problem.
Is a good direction to do it because a lot of cell.
Can. I see you have the uncertainty about your functions as a statistician model human
need need to take a statistical distribution back to the normal distribution.
Needs humans that each human each will baseball optimization back to the CPU, the t and yes unique twist Diego's out.
Uh, um, kind of uh, you go and hand Jo to you KT depend.
Yeah. Fuzzy logic depend. Yeah. How warm and outside training you depend.
You draw like 2 million balls.
Optimization. Hi. Oh, so. So you don't have GPU like your calculation?
We've been very lucky. We search a blue light over just Sudan.
Possibly. I don't see the two final two. Yeah. So yeah.
The guys well I mean this is it. You already.
So you don't have GPU to work. So where your hand doesn't bother going to parties.
Have fun thing fans are actually bad. You know you're right.
You're a torch handler. So you're you're equally bad. Tulong.
Yeah. Howdy. So that's a that's a you and yeah.
You're so young consultancy and she's a male. You and you told CDW research though you only j quite a mama minute.
You like us how you like yourself that since I might say the team valor Yale Colts in new network.
Uh, the, uh Elijah the video and finally they they win.
Right? So they win the market, they win the performance, they win all the things.
And that is a little bit of history about, uh, about the machine learning.
So machine learning, you can, uh, you see divided into um, um, two way.
So the first way, some house. Um, yes. Uh, sorry.
Yeah, I is here. Okay, I is here. So we have the wallpaper.
You have the fussy. So honestly, who pays here is is is AI.
Okay, so, uh, traditionally you have the data and you have the if then else we use the programmer to do the logic,
and then we put you into computer and let the others to do machine learning is hey, I need not to you need not to prepare any logic for me.
I find out a relationship by the data, okay.
By the data. So now we only have the same data and expected we saw computer find out a relationship form the model and then we path to the model.
When the new data comes computer, we use the model and the data to get a profile that we solve.
No program node. You know programmer okay.
No developer. Yeah. He's also no developer right there.
Okay. So where is your role? Just like not.
They saw some of their primary school student. They know.
They say that they know. I honestly they find out the data and then expect a result.
They just label all the expected results. And then a new model comes to use the new model.
And then there is the AI, but they know nothing about the situation okay, so X8 program.
So some house you have to understand the logic why they are the model.
So that's why when you jump into the research level or when you jump into the algorithm level,
you have to understand the statistical and the theory behind the new network.
I will ask you in the next slide okay. So machine learning inside the machine learning still there are a lot of things.
So you have the support vector machine as well. Yeah you have the neural network.
And the answer the new neighbor. You have the deep learning okay.
And then deep learning is using the machine learning approach to solve all the,
uh, to solve all the problem by find out a relationship by the stem cell.
You are not saying like machine learning can be classified into two parts.
First, one is supervised learning and otherwise. Another thing is unsupervised learning.
Supervised learning means that I prepare the sample data with the expertise how to find the data.
We have the two things okay, so we have the classification and regression.
What is the different. Yeah, you can read.
So what is this? Group data? What is this group data?
Why is the US data? You can go to Wikipedia and then Wikipedia will say, hey, this group data is something.
It's not I can't use data. And then you can go to call this data to say, hey, it's not a script.
So what is this script data and continuous data. Yeah. You have learned the caveats.
So I have most of you guys have learned. And when I was sitting on me one team up.
Well, you know, you're part of the demon.
We've also bunkered, uh, us on the ABC, the one team all.
Continuous data means that we have a relationship numeric relationship.
For example our hi our wave my sorry we starting from 012345.
Etc. and then we have the negative one 23456 etc.
So that is a Nina. We add numeric. Numeric relationship between all the data okay.
And most likely if he is from the nature. So it will be a lot more distribution.
Okay, you will be a lot more distribution if he is from the nature.
So if some house your data your output, we solve output we solve they have a numeric relationship.
For example your output is a salary, is height, is wave is something that have a numeric shape.
Then you are doing regressions. The most common regression is called linear regression.
So linear regression the equation is. Why he goes to m x c.
Okay. Slope with the y intercept. So you have the linear equation. And then you also have the proper.
You always have the bra bra. You also have the event curve.
Okay. So they have the relationship. Okay.
Numeric relationship. So you know what the script data means that they do not have a linear numeric relationship.
For example cat dos. They don't have the relationship y.
You cannot find y. And then a cat is here. Talk is here.
No way. Right. Okay. Some loss of the object, for example.
They always use that the iris data. They do not have a they do not have a numeric relationship.
Male. Female. They do not have a numeric, uh, relationship.
So all of them they are this group data. So we are doing classification.
Classification. Okay. Classify men.
Uh, woman. Oh.
Uh, somehow Kazakh phi uh, student subject, actual, etc., etc.
We do not have a numeric relationship. Okay, so they are doing the classification.
So classification is here and customer is.
Cost of a years. So we have the supervised learning and then we have the unsupervised learning.
So supervised you have the sample data. For example you have lots of the cat photo and dog photo.
And then you label your label. And then you have the sample data and expect that we solve the task and then a photo.
So that sample data and all those the expected result unsupervised learning is the sample data.
They only have the sample data. They do not have to expect result okay.
Most likely castaway is yours to for example your Taobao your YouTube, your uh um um um um, I don't know, uh, what is TikTok, the landing page?
What is the video that I have to generate to you? They use the category, for example, when I go to YouTube.
It's not my YouTube account. I'm not the fans of foodpanda.
Okay. When I go to YouTube, I can you can find some, uh um, um, um, um, ACG comic, you can find some model, the, uh,
Bandai model, you can find some algorithm, you can find some, I don't know, um, I have, uh, two children's.
So you can find some case children. Yeah, I have some cat and dogs, you know, etc.
So can you give a label to me? Not easy and then useless.
Okay, so most likely when you have the big data and then we can classify.
We have lots of lots of different tasks. They have to see behavior.
But we we just don't know how to give the label to them.
Okay. Okay. So we they are in the same case that we pushed the same video to them.
And then there is clustering. Okay. That's clustering.
And if you doing research most likely you will do a lot about clustering because you will collect lots of the data.
And then you have load idea with all these kind of data.
So you do the cast off and then see the result, whether the results can be explained and then matched to some cluster and so on and so on.
So we try to use different things similar to the customer.
And we have the dynamic, uh, we have the dimension reduction.
So we call out to many what page column what big data.
So we reduce the dimension and then do the dimension reduction.
So if you go to research level here unsupervised learning will be one of your uh must have skills within here.
Okay. Of course mobilize unsupervised. And then you have semi-supervised where you have we are learning.
You have lots of even small small small um, um, uh, subtree of different kinds of machine learning.
And then that's another thing. But in this course we are talking about our al.
Right. So al we are using which one.
Classification. Okay. Most likely the task for us.
We want to do what we want to do. The object recognition.
Object recognition. So we want to recognize whether it's pothole, microphone, uh, mobile phone, mouse monitor, human etc., etc.
So we do the classification. Please start by that okay.
All the algorithm that you have understand to do the object classifications, object recognition classification.
So you need to only understand one thing. It's called neural network okay.
So here I use the question to answer and ask you because I'm sorry I have another meeting.
So I have to leave on time. So can I continue for more than uh, 45 minutes and then we we'll end up cars.
Yes okay okay okay. So go question time.
Suppose you are a baby. Newborn baby.
Okay. Newborn baby. And then you are hungry.
So you quite easy to understand, right? When you see a milk bottle, you stop crying.
Is a is a bonding function for a newborn baby.
No, it's a learning process. The squad.
This learning process for me by using biological.
Um, um, um, I feel. You understand the question.
Like using biology to answer my questions using the brain cell.
Anyone want to try? Okay, I used the biology because you are a comparison student.
Then after I used Apache, you use the combat signs, uh, point of view to answer my question.
Okay, so suppose you are a newborn baby.
So once you are, uh, here. So all the neurons inside your brain, they are ready.
But most of them, they are empty. Okay? Most of them, they are empty.
You are hungry so that you say you are hungry.
Okay. Hungry, maybe hungry with the quiet, etc. I just say hungry first.
Okay. You have another empty neurons.
So you see the milk bottle. Put this moo bottle from your eyes to your brain, from your brain to this neuron.
Okay. So you have a new one. That is, we aid to the milk bottle.
You have any other is quiet. Okay.
When you are hungry, crying. And then you will see the milk bottle.
So the nerf concept with these two neuron, the chemical increase.
Finally they are connect with each other. So once they are connect.
So you learn the relationship between the milk bottle and hungry or not hungry or not crying or something like that.
So even the newborn baby half fun start.
They are drinking to build. They will stop. Quiet. Even you just put a new bottle in front of them.
Okay. Call it right. Using the mathematical equation to describe this process.
And that is neural network. Remember I showed us how our user can.
You know what my neural eating. See? I'll show it. To the council.
Will you network? And then I will. Change towards AI new network.
Artificial new networks also lights up. Chew bar moment to bring the new network.
The learning process don't. So. So sorry to find out like Belcastro like that.
Yeah. How sounds are Vuong biological Vuong. Uh, biology.
The child who can't even our. Yeah. Hold him. Okay. Um.
So. So that's how to come. So you came up? So what is the equation inside this new labor?
So if you can answer this equation then um yeah.
You you yeah you pass. So what is the equation?
It's not from your university is from your, uh. I'm not sure it's from your primary school or not, but you should be from your middle school.
Middle school? Said, I'll show you and you call water.
South Georgia is a society hostile to an anti-social Katie.
There's also a tea orchard. Hop in time. Yeah, it's always summer.
Yes, this is demon K 12. So early inside us.
Susana Bevan saw you guys up in your bar.
Why don't you tell my uncle Champy? Yeah. Oh, yeah. Rah rah rah rah rah rah that your tan suits your trumpet?
Yep. That's out. Get our song sound from that beat.
It's our always Uncle Santo, the MP one till Trump is out yet.
South Shore earnings. You know sample size choices also the ones with title earnings your bill.
Yep. We are without sound without urgency and told me in today's shows how Tableau to three 2010 the trend.
Can you tell equation. Yeah how particle society signs of major oil power what he signs of the telltale signs of me Kadima.
Some sand X or y.
Black cat. Mojo's full. Ecos equal to zero.
All right. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Sorry.
Um, so. So let me make these as a key part of the oneness band, where you could change the equation.
I change I was I always knew that. But the equation since a more.
Physically I would say a common. Problem in 2000 more.
Y equals to choose a what I call a y equals to m x plus theta zero.
So you got linear equation b one. So since I have a neural net that's obviously it's the y equals to mx plus c the put in your data to four like that.
So these are the slope Santa Monica uh slope the ratio of the y these out type out younger neurons doesn't connect to each other.
So you take the terms of the cut number.
And that number does it the sanctuary like a Yamauchi and Dan.
Yeah. Let's actually see how to Glen to how that was the data. So that is the beauty of new network.
New network isn't how is using using y equals to m x plus C to see the learning process of of the artificial intelligence.
So suppose that we have different neurons. So here for example x1, x2 x1 may be the mu portal x two or maybe the handkerchief handkerchief.
Okay. Seeing the handkerchief dancing means that the baby will stop crying.
So here y is the output quite or not okay, quite or not so or this kind of input they will call net with the hidden knobs okay.
They will connect with the hidden layer. Each hidden loss is a one linear equation y equals to m x plus c.
So we just forget the procedures because the the um the effect of the y intercept is more.
So we care about the slope and then the x input.
So here y equals uh here. So here the hidden knob is the summation of this linear equation.
And this linear equation okay. So we have two linear equation together.
If you have more you input up. So you summation you do the summation.
Some are more and more linear equations okay.
Then we will have the first data in first data at the very beginning or the slope.
They are randomly assigned okay. All the slope they are randomly assigned just like you are a newborn baby.
All the all the, uh, linear equation, all the relationship in your brain, they are they are mass, okay.
They are randomly connect with each other. But when you have more data input, more data input.
So once you have here, here for example, you have only one set of data.
So you will have the input and you will have to, uh, expand the we solve and also have the final result.
Expect the result and then will result. They have the difference.
And the difference is called error okay. You cannot expect the random slope combination can give you a correct.
We solve okay. So they have error by using the error with home order slope okay.
So the learning process of the new network is just turning all the slope one by one, one by one.
If the slope is bigger than they are more responsible for the error.
So the training also will be better if the value of the slope is smaller, for example 0.01, etc. so the error,
while that was one for the error is more so they turn smaller and throughout this
process we find out the best combination of all the data is not only one data,
all the data. For example, you have file and input and output pair.
We find out the past relationship of all the slope.
That means we find out the relationship of all the linear equations and that is new network and that is the learning process.
Okay. Go ahead, go ahead. Okay, so mu bottle handkerchief, hungry or not,
is something learning by turning their slow by learning how to um um um um um, slop their contact with each other.
Okay, so the question time. Hey, so where is the ah, why is we are.
I don't want to share the milk bottle. Handkerchief. Hungry or not relationship.
I just want to first care about milk bottle.
It's milk bottle. See the email bottle image I label is milk bottle.
But honestly it's not we humans like for we guys humans.
What we learned is using our biological so we understand the feelings with the physical object.
So once you are two years old fiasco. So you learn the word things of bottle.
You learn the word things of the mobile phone. All this I'll any of this artificial label.
Right. But whatever inside the al we have to present this artificial label.
Hey, how they are we later. Second, maybe bulk mu bottle is, uh.
Mu bottle is a little bit difficult. Uh, where is it?
So we use a car as an example.
Why a car? It's label X a car. When you see a car image, why you want to label this one?
You say car. More often Suleyman works on eventual license and so on.
Computer science would also like to convince high school.
It was a treaty panel on woman's equal. Chairman Council fundamental of everything.
Well. The soil, the fundamental.
Idaho. Faith, Idaho. Wisdom. We got to tell tale.
Hey hey hey. La la la. Not legitimate, but.
You got to sell Solon's. Toy.
I suppose. Toy. With your short toy.
Your support toy. So, unlike gay, what you call your anima.
Yo, Angela, we are about to answer. To, uh, to the top man, Thulani de Souza.
And how to pay a monetary policy alone to truly.
Toy power. So from a computer science, um, can it so you observe from the data.
So offset from the data means that I used a 2D image in our learning data for whales is not a must or is not a common case of a car.
So what is the common case of a car? Your lungs at all.
Okay, so they say well okay. So most likely if uh, this graph is not really, um, not really easy to understand.
So we try to, um, um, put the car into low level feature, low level feature.
Chop chop chop chop chop chop all the things into a wee wee small part of it.
Okay, combine the low level feature to a middle level.
That means a bigger one. So from this pickle feature so we can find some common patterns of a car okay.
Common pattern of a car. And then if you come by more you can find a high level feature.
And then you can find out some common patterns. Okay.
So honestly, a, um, uh, convolutional neural network.
So you say pause as to squeeze on squeeze, squeeze on squeeze. Lots of other things.
Okay. Maybe small small small small small small small.
And then inside this small feature, we can find out a lot of the common patterns that I can find in our sample data.
So perhaps there is a list of common feature maybe is 100.
Okay. So if there is 99% of this not 90 lie, maybe you have 70 or 60 something Bengal.
And then we can classify this one is a car. You say when you say something, bicycle, etc. etc. we want to find out our common patterns of image.
Okay. Okay. Got it. Got it. So what is the common image?
To identify? Dolphin and shark. Python can save you time.
We can see some of them behind the bookcase.
Autumn sky Tomlin. Yo la Tomlin yo yo yo yo.
Well fate, fate almost all fate.
Your landlord. Title A hike on the vacations of our thanks to penny pan moments I'm going to.
Go to China. Hi, Tonto. May Papa soothsayer yonder saw you.
Soothsayer yonder. Okay, so those are the common feature.
Some house, these kind of common feature. You are not observed by using the rope.
You are observed by the patterns. Okay. You take out a color, so you put the filter wash out filter, put,
put a photo of soft filter into this kind of image and then just find out oh come on, come on come on.
Feature inside okay okay. So honestly identify car is so is not so difficult I don't know if I cast dos is more difficult.
I think the animal is more difficult because they are they have different shaped.
Okay. So some of you have cars at home. Don't pay cash.
Why? So we always say I don't like cats is more difficult than I thought.
So I don't know why I thought you can. Still, I don't like that. Like, but try to observe the cat at your home.
Their medical sheep. Right.
So yeah, there are lots of problem when we identify a cat.
So most likely today when we want to identify cats, we use their, uh, um, patterns.
For example, most of the cat, they have a m on their hat and then they have some special patterns on their hat.
So we are not using their body to identify that feature.
So, uh, whatever this kind of feature, if you go to level ten, you have to design the normal structure.
You have to design the, um, high level middle platform. You have to design the field up to it.
But if you just a, uh, developer to do it.
So there are lots of existing library you can call F and you can call the open AI.
Um, um, yeah. Even you call the open eye, then they can return the scene understanding.
They can turn the object understanding for you, but you take money for each image you upload to the open.
I estimate you upload to a Google positions. It cost you about the money.
So well that you read depends on whether you want to, um, um, have this kind of business approach or not.
Okay, okay. Let's keep okay.
So yeah. Uh, if you want to try.
So yes, I um, I would say that is the basic of, um, uh, machine learning and that is basic of um, um, um, new network.
So always remember that why we have the new robot and this kind of new network, how to, um, do the classifications.
Okay, how to do the classification, how to do other things and so on inside the new.
Now, of course, we are not all the things they are linear relationship.
Okay. In our world there are too many nonlinear things happens.
Just like when you talk with your girlfriend, they are completely unpredictable.
And then because they are unpredictable, you cannot use a linear equation to order things out.
So you need something called five activation function y.
Yeah with either standing bypass function. So some of the signal is very important.
Some of the signal from there from that speech is nothing.
Uh, you have to understand I hate the agenda. So we have a activation function.
Activation function. Uh, give you a understanding. Say that's all the thing is not linear.
So, um, I give you another example is easier to understand.
So the one time I temperature y now it should be 25 degree.
So who say 95 degree is cool. No one.
So what is the temperature that you set at home? It came.
Did you understand my question? Why my. So who say that 23 degree is, um.
Cool? It's not one. Oh, yeah.
I also gestured at my. Oh. So, um, um, um, 20ft is, uh, okay.
20ft is, uh, cool one. So how about 22?
Stop right 21 and the 18 most. Most of the people say that 18 is I'm cool.
Charlie Travis, Cole White.
So you see that there is a degree of astuteness.
Okay. 20ft in our program. We always sat 20ft, right?
But honestly, for our human to ascertain is not linear.
Is somehow. Most likely is caught here sigmoid. So we have 20ft here.
If the temperature is decreased decrease decrease decrease. So more and more people, um, agree with your sightings.
If the temperature is increasing, pressure increase and more people will accept your sightings.
Okay. So there is a group of people say that 20ft is not the best time of year.
So someone will say 24 at 25. Some of you say it at 18, etc.
So there is a degree of acceptance.
We claim membership function. And this one is called sigmoid.
And this is how we present a linear, um, um, um, situation to the um, to the program because all the uh,
equation y the linear linear relationship y equals to max even you have lots of the input.
You have loss of the, um, linear equation. You have lot of the new world.
Still the problem happens. They are linear calculation.
So this part activation function turned to linear linear approach.
And that is how we do. We do our we do our we not only the sigmoid sigma is one of the um, things um, that uh, we always use.
So uh, we loop is another thing we always use in, um, linear equation because the speed is we fast see that there is a curve Y.
And then why we have the export tensor. We have why we have this kind of calculation.
You spend lots of the computation power. But with the ReLU is somehow this about another linear okay.
The speed is faster. So it, uh, it, uh, you concerned about, uh,
many of your training and also our thing is for into research for you into the, for into the new network considerations.
Okay. So yeah, those are the fundamental.
And this is only the fundamental of new.
So you have a family. And this family increase every day.
So why I always say that if you want to step into research,
you had to pick up all the law that we Wi-Fi speed higher speed because, um, um, uh, in this free month,
you have this kind of the research, um, area, and then hundreds of millions of people jump into this area,
and every day they produce different kind of new network.
They have different kind of structure. They have different kind of, um, um, um, um, findings.
And then you have to learn all the finding. If you go to a long holiday for every month, the world is changed.
And then. Yeah, I don't know. Maybe you say that I can prepare all the things we.
Well, so I always say that. Why? So honestly, my research area is lovely.
Yes we are Nerf and then Nerf is killed by asthma.
And that's the situation it was only a few years ago. I remember it happens around 2 to 4 years, something like that.
So yeah, time changing very fast. And then you have to understand all this kind of network okay.
New network is something like that. Yeah. So yeah we have to it uh, if you want to today uh, you are not go to research area.
You just want to, um, go to drama screen now and then you can have lots of, uh, uh, say that, um, Google saw us from the screen.
Net. So you can download the, um, screenshot from the Google and then put it into your application.
And then you can do all sorts of the object recognition. Pretty good.
Pretty good. Today, um, lots of the common object can be identified by screen at.
But of course if you want to identify whether this one is uh, uh, um, um, waterways.
So this one is, um, water or distilled water or I think you need to, uh, do some localization in training, but still screen.
That is one of the things that's good. Hey, watch the paper.
First up, pop up. I think.
Hunting down power to males. Male elk of a male academic is something about the uncanny.
I did have, uh, somebody. Yeah, the color does matter.
I. Uh, the car does matter.
So. Yeah. You see, it is the original image. So, uh, if you see that is a bat hand right here.
Main pathway so you can identify is a can.
So why this happen? Coming back to our first line.
So how to train this image? Sample data plus label pasta exporter we solve.
So some of the people pop pop pop pop pop pop pop these kind of the result can can can can uh for all the all the behind.
So if they understand a collar, if they understand patterns and then they will identify this one is a card.
Okay. And that's the situation is kind of uh, um, I would say the ethics pop up.
Okay. Ethics pop. Um, so, um, don't don't try to.
Yeah, I would say that to say that ethics all, uh, this kind of, uh, situation is, does not belongs to your business.
Because for today, if you want to do at anything day.
So I want this everyday to we all are ball train he out uh etc.
So they we care about this kind of the ethical problem.
So I'm not sure that, um. Uh, yeah.
Give you one more ethical pop up bribing people.
We show empower present prime people.
Okay. Should they use real? Can you develop a real system that can fit the we prime people?
If you go to research and then if you go to, um, for example, HCI, human computer interface,
computer human interface, so that they, we care about this kind of ethics.
Okay. LGBTQIa pass something like that, right? So, um, yeah, one more things I want to share.
One of my PhD classmates. So finally he is a he or she whatever.
Okay. Um, he he yeah, he is from Australia.
And then for his first year, he's a man. Australian man.
Very much older. Yeah. Here. Right here.
And then for the second year. So he become a woman. Yeah.
He can become very good mum. And finally he become a lesbian woman.
Yeah, it's really complicated. And then, um, yeah.
So that is a huge group of people care this kind of, um, um, special problem.
And then, um, at the second I remember at the second in the second year and, and for.
Yeah, I don't know where I should put. Yeah.
I so looking at him or her so you can imagine every muscle, um, uh, Australian man and then become a woman and then he or she love woman.
So it's really complicated life. So, uh, that's the situation.
But honestly, there is a group of people, they care about this. Fine, but they are not so extreme with, uh, lots of extreme.
But it's a common in the Western people now, uh, compared to our, uh, crushes.
So can you design a real system for the people?
Honestly, a rehab system for five people is easier than using a Alcazar.
That's for the prime people. Because a Alcazar, you have to recognize all the physical object and then apply,
what can I say, the physical object, and then put it into the audio to them.
But in a real world, if you just label the feet object, for example, this one, you people, this one is a microphone, this one is a portal.
Type the name in the 3D model, then all the prime people, even they use the device.
So when they grab something that when they touch something, you can generate the audio corresponding audio to them without object recognition.
So there is a special steam for we are is for blind people.
I redesign we are system for the blind people is one for this research.
Okay, so back to here. Yeah. Uh, typical task for the eye out for uh, of course, is the, um, image classification.
And then also the pattern recognition and other is also the motion, uh, motion and us as, for example, matter.
We always want to understand, uh, gesture of the hand.
Okay. If I cannot use the camera to identify gesture, then I would add that additional additional multi-touch sensor tool to detect the hand motions.
Okay. So we have these kind of thing. Then we do the scene understanding.
Also I think it's very important for our layout development okay.
And uh, beside the development of course, this kind of uh machine learning, deep learning, they have a lot.
For example, um, they try to do a lot in the medical data.
Medical vision data. This one is, um, a photo of your ice pole.
And then to identify whether you have to take whether you have to call fit.
And one of my fan in. See you. Okay. They use this ice pole photo to identify autism or not.
So do you know autism speak? And I have no idea.
So how? Why? So yeah, I can understand.
Um. Um. Tacoma. I can understand Typepad tech because, um, this kind of the canopy canopy.
So they go problem into your, uh, pathway.
So there is some pleading in your eyes, Paul, I can understand, but autism.
So, Peter, what contaminants in your system.
So autism. Um, I said, well, I can tell when I'm gone to walk to the water to talk to the autism diva, but whatever.
There is a special, um, um, um, um, not special.
There is a common, um, object cancer patient go to the medical and this car fact autopilot.
Okay. Auto driving understand a sense to the assignment patients and they understand the situation of the role and do the duty of reasoning.
So that is the case. I'll put off the. I'll give me 15 more minutes.
I will finish all the we are within this last us, and then we will have to, um, uh um, and now you let's listen.
Okay? Okay. I'll pull off that. Yeah. So can guess.
There are two classification. One is easy. Your screen overlap.
LCD screen overlap. Okay. Use your, uh. Um, camera.
Capture the electronic photo. Go to your marker.
Go to auto poses and then put, uh, um, label on the pose, assigns doing the pose, and then return back to your, you know, tonic screen.
We turn back to the turning school and so that is screen over that.
Okay. So all the reality wise, all the screen mobile phones, they are using the screen overlap all your life,
all your um outbound much easy chip and other optical overlap HoloLens a Alcazar al I casas.
They are using the, um optical overlap. So the optical overlap is more complicated.
So because you want you need to sense the, um, um, stance, the physical object in real time.
And then, um, you cannot have that delayed.
The most, uh, important problem is some house here, the screen overlap.
You can have the delay. Not so many, but you can still allow the delay.
But this one optical overlap means that the light go to your eyes poll immediately.
But you have to understand the lighting of the outside.
Capture the lighting pauses, and then poll jack to your to your to your or your screen.
So it's more complicated. So whatever is um, um, HoloLens, Microsoft they cannot solve this kind of problem.
And that's why um, the, the, the Apple vision, they go back to the screen overlap instead of optical overlap.
This one we we have to implement because yeah, the latency is a very big problem.
So um, today I Alcazar stage solve this problem by using by using uh, limited interactions.
Okay. I'm not going to do the real time, uh, interactions.
So for example, I just want to pay, uh, asking for some information.
For example, I just want to identify the person so they turn into a I can ChatGPT enhance or enhance the
AI instead of they do the scene understanding together so they slow down the interaction.
Steady matter interactions. Okay. Another one is call um, um, um, um graphics or we codify the image.
So um, right now we can produce some by laser beam.
We can produce some, uh, basic, primitive, basic particle on the sky by using a laser.
So it's still possible. And then some of the we cheap solution is you using the, um, um, um, um, optical overlap or you use a L.E.D. screen,
transparent arrow, and then they will play with us and present our image.
So that is also a possible way to do it. Some of them they use the um optical overlap.
2 to 2. The situation on the stage. Um yeah.
On the stage. Yeah.
Here. On the stage here. So there is two.
I would say that I'm the physical object.
So here is the screen. And then up in front of me there is another semi-transparent screen.
And then they have the portrait on pajamas with a semi-transparent theme.
So now behind me and even off me, I have two screen and that is that is what I'm extending beyond.
So, uh, uh, if you want to pay these kind of settings so you can go to Shanghai and then, uh, Shanghai, um, music will get their name.
So we have a special state. We have a special lab that can produce these kind of if you remember Hong Kong, we do not APA or other university.
We do not have these kind of settings. But in Shanghai, we have, um, this laboratory setting.
So if you want to pay, let me know because, um, Shanghai, Hangzhou,
you only take for hours passes and then you can go to Shanghai and then pay with that.
Okay. So yeah, almost finish, almost finish.
I still have for everything. Uh, I'm too slow.
Yeah. Let me, uh, um, um, start a little bit, and then this one is still a very important topic of, uh, our, our app.
Because always remember that you have to you have to, um, um, yeah.
Or you have to prepare to feed content and then to prepare the feed content, you can find the designer tutorial,
but of course can and then fine tune will be one of your, uh, I will say effective and efficient way to do it.
Because honestly, I do not trust your artistic I do not trust your assets.
For all the computer science developer, I do not trust them. Okay.
So we yeah is we had and then it's not your uh I would say that is a bonus, but you must for the combat science to do that.
And then for your project, I will not use your artistic.
Okay. You just not not formally then test. You know you do not to prepare some.
We could apply for me if you want to prepare some good opinions.
So I will command you to do the 3D scanning video.
She. So we have to know how to do the face scanning and then back into unity.
We have this kind of the technique and then you can you can do.
But the algorithm behind or the the the the name of this algorithm is here is called topology.
Topology okay. Topology specially for those who want to step into the research.
So suppose we have a feed scanner okay.
Interactive scanner for all the information that they know the distance between the surface and the camera when you scan.
So we will you will be you will be turned on cow data okay.
Toto Toto Toto Toto Toto Toto Toto toto pong cow data to become a service that is a research for many, many, many.
Yes. Okay, so how to connect the point together is called topology.
Okay is called topology. So if you are interested in it.
So um let me know. And then there is a group of um, um, um, uh which what they are doing this one.
So um polygon I sorry match.
Yeah. Let me go to him. I do not have to fast.
Sorry. Thanks.
How many member I have asked before, right?
So suppose you have a feeding model and then you have a scale model when I should use the PD model, and then when I should use the scale model.
Um, when you have both of course.
But when, when I use the feeding model.
When I use the scale model. There, Katia, all consideration is whether you want to have the.
Animation or not. If you want to have the animation then I use the feeding model.
Because if you you you'll find a good, uh, feeding model.
So all the, uh, feed model is, uh, it's created by using by using the sense of muscle.
Okay. If you're using a sense of muscle. So you can both, um, um, um, perfect.
But if you can model. So the point that if I need to show you.
So they are not designed by, by using they are, they are, uh, muscle, uh, structure.
So if you do, the animation is not so perfect. Okay. Uh, so, um, um, there are a couple of ways to do the feeding model.
The first one is modeling is expensive, but somehow all the things you can control, if you can control your feed signal.
Okay. And then another one is, uh, scanning. So there are a couple of ways to do it.
The first scanning is, um, um, uh, photometric.
So means that you use your feed camera tool and you use your YouTube camera tool to capture the photo one by one,
one by one, one by one, and then by limit, uh, point of the observation.
So they change the photo one by one, one by one, one by one to you.
Okay. That means I capture the photo here. For example, I have, uh, um, 30, 46, 36 photo.
That means I can change 36, 36, 36, 36, 36 and then I will have another photo and our photo and our photo displayed on me.
It's not perfect feed. It's only loss of the 2D.
And then combine them together. And then for you to dissipate.
This kind of image pose of course, is very cheap.
Cheap means that the capture time together with the display time because I only display the photo.
Okay, cons is hey, it's not feed, the list is 2D, Y is 2D only, so it's not um, um, interact with the lighting.
So if I turn on, turn off the lighting is. There is no difference.
Okay. Of course there is some other algorithm to improve this kind of thing,
but fundamentally there are not using the what cost product and dot product to do the calculations.
They are not greedy, they are lots of 2D and you cannot interact with them together because it's only one photo, one photo, one photo.
They are not touch of other. For example, this booth that you cannot find out the shape and then you yeah, you want to do it.
You cannot uh um, um, do a physics, for example, a bowl photo, the, um, uh, Buddha hat, and then job done.
You cannot do this kind of piece because they are not for the object. Okay, okay.
The only photo you can also find. Um, um, yeah.
Because you have the, uh, photo tool we can shot, uh, fit object.
Then you also can use the, um. Um, are you Singtel?
Peanut was all by using to. Anyway, I thought you can use the chunks where you seem to paint like we seem to be.
Well, so you can use some, um, um, top, um,
image to capture the photos so you understand the situations and some house or the building can be with Bill Google.
Uh, they are using these kind of things, or you can use the chance to do it.
Okay. So you can use the Google Earth,
and then you can use the Google Earth to reconstruct you understand this tree to understand this building because you they,
they have some common structure. So they can we build all the things Google Earth, they are doing similar things using the 2D top wheel a little bit.
Um, um, uh, degree of the ankle. And I understand the fee structure.
Okay. Here we have another things called life model.
But before we go to Nerf model, let me yeah, let me have one questions for you.
And then next lesson you you you, um, answer my questions.
Okay. You'll understand new network by now.
Right. So new network is going to understand the relationship of the inputs.
Correct. Right. Suppose that I want to borrow the concept of new network.
Understand that relationship of twofold.
How to understand the relationship of two photons so that we can create a 3D object by using our cheap by using photo data only load that data.
So that's it. It's, uh, two thermostats. Yeah.
So I don't see how that's causing the heat. And then the woman, Clayton, put on that.
I'll do that. I can't tell you how to, um, put on the, uh, soundbar to your soundbar throughout.
So now the question is, if you have the laser scanner, if you have the scanner.
So definitely I can understand the distribution of all the parts.
And then I use the topology to draw the point together.
And then you become the surface, but not of the point that I draw to better that become a 3D model.
Okay. That is traditional physical approach to handle the physical constructions.
But for comparison student, we should jump outside the box.
So we should not use the physics to understand the physics, we should use the linear equation.
We should use the new network. We should use the relationship to understand the physics.
Now the question is. Suppose I have to imagine they are LGB only LGB made low def data.
So how can we understand the relationship and to the physical construction?
And that is the starting point of us.
It's okay. We have fun. Wait for these questions.
So go home and then, uh, try to use your, uh, understanding of Nicaragua.
And then we will have, um, the fatigues. We will have, uh, um, um, video construction.
So that is the remaining part of of, um, uh, we are in al.
Okay. Then we will go to, uh, natural language processing.
I will teach you how to do the, um, uh, virtual human conversation.
I so you will can. Yeah. Just simply do the just simply do the virtual.
Peter. So I expect after this course, after this course.
So, you know, um, all the basics of BRL machine learning and then, um, um, natural language processing.
So you are able to start your project one and two.
Yeah. My expectation is like that. So fundamental of everything fundamental of metaverse is designed for this one.
So try your best. Yeah. And then yeah there's the situation okay okay.
See you next week. And I'm sorry that I cannot enjoy the Q&A time with you this way.
So we will enjoy next week okay.
