Our lesson to learn. And then if you still remember.
So last week we mentioned about the last part of the we are an app.
So for the we are. Anyhow, the most important thing is you have to prepare, you have to prepare the feeding model.
And then honestly, lot of us, uh, we do not have a good.
Um, yeah, we do not have very good artistic assets for all the feeding model.
So it's hard to prepare something that is Swedish take and then something that is good in rendering.
So that is um, I would say that, um, besides my feeding model are to do some very good, uh, feed model.
So that is two way for you to finish your project or finish your, um, your, your master project metaverse project one and two.
The first one is 3D reconstruction. Okay. Feed reconstruction.
That means 3D scanning at the very beginning. The phase scanning is we we feed all the thing.
It's not about physics. We talk about the topology. So what's the mean of physics?
Physics means that you say, um, infrared sensor informed by science.
So they load the depth of the camera and the object, so they push a laser or even at night and then scan the surface.
So they we turned upon cow information.
So each um, um, I would say that each infrared or each um point pointer, um, emit from the sensor and then we fat from the surface and then go back,
we say from to your uh, to your scanner so they know the distance and then they scan your surface.
Pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom ball. So you will have a pom cow data.
So it's a full of porn in the xyzzy location.
It's all about face that is easy to understand, right. Or about physics.
Light. Each at night we fat lie, we save.
So you know that is stuck. And whatever you are using infrared or laser, they follow the situation.
And then we draw the pom together when we draw the porn together.
So we honestly this one is not uh, is you can say is we ha or you guys say, uh, yes, we uh,
mathematic because when you have to point out data, how to draw the porn back into a 3D model is a art.
But honestly, this kind of, um, technologies has been used more than 30, 40, 40 years ago.
So it's called topology. Topology is called Hall.
Paw paw share. Topple share.
Whatever. Topology. Okay, so how you connect the pawns one by one, one by one point, one triangle,
one triangle and one charcoal, and then we match all the things together, become a 3D object.
And that is topology. If you go to a research life also, this is the 3D scanning 123 basic 123 for you.
So honestly, in this few years all we want to change is not only from the physical world, least not um,
I will say that is not copy or is not from the equation of our physics into computer science.
We want to find any other way to describe all the things.
So that's why we have the new network. And do still remember my main concept.
Me when I work there we have I many, many, many um, times last week.
What is the core concept for new network we want to find? We want to use the machine learning to find the relationship of the input.
Suppose you have the input x1 and x2. We want to find a relationship.
It may be a combination of um hidden knob and then combination of the linear equation with the bypass function.
Non-linear function. Maybe it will be another kind of like a narrower structure.
So you have loss of the bypass filter, you have loss of the um, skeleton, um, sound,
etc. whatever the main concept here is, we don't want to follow the feasible equations.
We want to find the relationship after input x1, x2.
If we can find the input of the x1, x2 time, then we can induce illusory loss of the loss of the, uh, piece, like, uh, phenomenon.
So now the question is, yeah, we know the physics how we do the scanning and then get the fee structure.
Okay. So suppose that you are not using the physics.
You are not. Yeah. You are not using the physics, not using the lighting.
Um, um, um, uh, you meet with that, we, uh, we say if you are not going to do this kind of physics,
you are going to use to image to image oh GP oh GP make note that the information.
So that means your camera okay. Your camera gear camera our GP only no defamation.
So how to use the relationship of to output image and then form a feed model.
So post that. Yeah, I captured a gimmick. TikTok here.
Capture this face TikTok here. Capture another face.
Okay, so suppose I have one RGB and I RGB here.
So how to form my feed structure? Mhm.
Rage. He's angry. Hmm. Okay.
C'mere. So, can I have more? Nerf y if I nerf or fatigues?
So somehow they are doing the similar things. They are combined.
The two LGB image we are using find the way tracing of the LGB.
But how? Suppose that you have captured two image here and here.
So if you capture two image. So definitely some of the sort of two output image, they are the same or similar.
Okay. So suppose that there are two weight from here and here most likely the color.
They are almost the same right. Okay. If the pixel is here and here.
So they are totally different aqui or not. Okay.
So if the image is here and here so here is the green color right.
And here maybe colorful I don't know maybe on out of somewhere.
This this part okay. So if you are, um, tracing, um, I.
Yeah. Try to find the first one. 3D reconstruction.
Right. We want to get the object out from the back one.
That means the first one we want to do to feed the object.
We move forward, we move the backward, okay? We get the object out and we move from the back part.
So suppose we have a image, um, um, LGB capture here and then, uh, image object capture here.
Okay. Suppose there are two weight. Okay. This one, if I point to here is a green car.
Right. Dark green. And then if I have another way capture and not pixel here maybe white dark green and white.
Do they have the relationship? No. Okay. So some house if, if there is a image pointing here and pointing here.
So this is a 16 car right. That color are almost the same.
Right. So somehow we can point out something that we have seen.
First one object object. We move the object from the back one.
So we can point out something that is totally different from the back one.
Right. We have this color. This car two color is completely different.
So we get this color. You waste it, you waste time out.
And then we have the image. Similarly we have the piece of similar car estimate on my hat skin color.
Right. So we can get get this one. Okay.
So video reconstruction using the neural. The first one is we find a similar color of two image.
First we just think about to image okay. We can increase the number of images.
So we yeah we think about to image for us. Okay.
So that is the first part. That is we find the relationship of the pixel.
We don't try to show all the pixel and other. You are correct.
We want to do the tracing. Okay. Suppose that the hat is white there right.
So my skin. Yeah I have lots of the thought that honestly we guys our skins are almost the same color, right?
Almost. But if we have the knight here to our hat.
So we have some white pawn here, and then the white part will be decreased decrease and decrease.
Do you agree with that? That is the way chasing. That is the way chase, right?
So if I have the scene here um, I would say aerial pixel fine on image A to here and other image B that is from here same symmetry.
We have a white line here and that is added to be outside it.
We added should be out right. So we have a cup of pixel copy.
So here go pixel. Here they have the video right here because they have the sea mirror patterns okay.
Do you agree with that. Yes. Why. So here is the same part.
And then we can put a image y. There we have the x y sea relationship of this part.
Maybe we have another part for example here because I'm 3D structure right.
So my face is feed okay. So we will have another point here that is y white and then spread in two different uh um skin color.
Right. So here if I have the image here, image there.
And there is another part white color, find the middle part and then find out the um, um, I'm spreading casting casting casting the first part.
So somehow they combine to find the first one.
We move all the backward second one by outer. Um, um, the first car, we try saying, okay, you your right way here.
I would say to find the diffuse. Tyler found the center and that is one part toolpath V, part four, part five, seven part, etc., etc.
Okay. That is we do not use, uh, nitrates and we do not use the same, uh, piece equation to care where possible.
One by one we just find out from human perspective, hey, we focus on this one line tracing.
We focus on there. And I think we focus on enough later I say and come all the parts one by one to form the video object is not perfect.
Okay is not perfect.
Compare with the um, um, like, um, compared with the laser pointer, compared with the infrared sensor, the infrared sensor or uh, or depth sensor.
They are better, okay, they are better. But this kind of calculation is focused on our human body.
That means from our human eyes, it looks almost a Saint Paul.
Perfect. Just like the image of Jpac and PMP.
So slightly 9 or 90% of the tree powered.
So he's only used 1% of the information, and they display almost the same image to your to your humanize.
This part is all the simple things. So if you care, if you want to know more about the fatigues or want to try it about phages.
Excuse me. So, um. Um, we have upload logs.
Okay. Uploading notes. And then, uh, they divide into two parts.
First one is teach you how to how to, um, um, uh, capture the PGA.
So catch for this week is we, uh.
Um, simple. So you try to imagine. Now, I'm not going to capture all the things in this piece of code, but soak me if they are only working on the.
Except that. So my sample here should be 100, um, 60.
Or, uh, you can say that 160 or 150. So I only need to capture that in my model.
Why are you here? Okay. You're not going to a job.
Or if you are not going to have roles on the full, uh, files on somewhere else.
So, honestly, you only capture the image. We multiply that, right?
So if you want to capture, if you. The model is easy.
So you capture that you made one, two, three and then move along up to make up for that one to feed in.
Uh, one, two, three. So you won't catch your, uh, for example, this one.
So you stand just, um, um, next to the battery, and they capture that, you make it pass.
If it's outdoor, then you turn your back into here.
One, two feet. One, two, three, one, two, for example. So you capture it and then you capture on top.
So you capture um, two. Right. And sometimes you finish your feed.
Um, um, um, um, capturing for, for the adventure camps, okay.
For their venture camps. But honestly, if you want a better graphic, so most likely will use the chunks.
For example, you have to try to use a 1000 to 4000 something you you'll have a DJI mini 4VI can't remember wherever.
So if you don't want to capture, uh, do this super fancy, you can use the DJI and then you can control and then work for about five minutes.
So to control the change. So somehow you captured how to say that you see.
So for example this one need to feed the object okay. So you capture the uh you control drones like this one.
Okay. Okay. A little bit changed. Uh.
Um. Changed. Uh, you said I changed the y axis.
And along the axis, I had it just like that. If I pull. Okay.
Just like Liverpool. And then you can have the, uh, model.
So there are a couple of, um. Um, environment or platform that you can run the fatigues fix algorithm.
The first one is luma AI. Okay.
Do my AI, so just capture, uh, you just type luma AI capture, and then you can upload the image and or upload the video.
So you can wait for a few hours, two full days, because it's free of charge.
Okay. So you have to wait a few hours to a few days so it's easy to do it.
You'll see that this one is captured by the tongs. And then your 3D model is ready to use.
Okay. Sophie feeding model is 22 years.
So yeah. So this one is captured by the Johns.
And let me show another example. This one should be captured by the um um camera actually became um.
See, that performance is pretty good.
So somehow you need not to. Um, I would say that you need not to build all the 3D model by yourself, because.
Yeah, I don't trust you. You don't trust yourself, right? For all the artistic sense.
So if you just say that, hey, I buy the 3D model, I download the video model from from from from the,
from the, um, um, unity as a store or um, well, marketplace etc.
So why don't you do it by yourself, right.
So here is, uh, Feige's algorithm.
And then, uh, Luma AI is one of the platform you can do.
Of course you can download the video, ask GitHub and then one by two GPU car, for example,
if you say that, uh, you have 24002400 and then uh, 40 minutes or one 30 minutes.
So you can run these kind of, um, details, um, 3D model.
Okay. So there's one of them and then another say that I don't have, um, the three card, and then I don't want to wait for the number.
I so I want to pay a little bit, but get a, a, uh, um, um, uh, 3D model.
So another, another is party camp. Okay.
Party game. They do the similar things.
I think they do the face scanning, you upload the image, you upload the videos, then you can get better 3D model.
So the 3D model is PL without PL without you change the PLA to JLP.
So our metaverse, our 3D model um structure all better API is better then you can put it into uh sorry, you can put it into uh words that banda.
Okay. You can put it into banda or videos to mass or other things to add it.
Of course, there are some, uh, special tools for you to edit the videos.
Um, um, in the work environment. For example, here I want to cut the, uh, um, information of the tree so you can cut all the information of the tree,
and then you generate the tree by using, um, unity or by using the art of platform.
So there are lots of the interesting, um, things that you can play with, uh, uh, fingers.
Okay. So I'll logs here is, um, the first one how to, to understand how to capture the 3D model and then put in the polygon,
uh, put in to know my or poly cam to one the profile and other.
So yes. Will be more important is here this one GitHub library.
And then you can put it into your unity. Continue your editing okay.
So suppose you want to put it uh I will say that suppose you want to um, do not use the uh, spatial all you want to, uh, create chaos.
And after a moment by yourself, I'll put it into your we are extendable.
We are project like you have another project. So this one also help your unity.
I guess you wait, uh, after this semester, I guess you are familiar with the unity.
Okay, okay, so sometimes, um, you can put you in the unity.
You have the GitHub, um, library. And then if you are using 2022 or above, two hours, 22 to around 25.
So definitely you can want to play.
So when you put the play you will be something like this okay is feed the model and then you can uh put the capsule.
You can put the four person, um, um, capsule and then somehow you can waffle, okay.
You can play, you can do anything you want. Okay. So yeah is not so difficult is quite simple.
And then here is some how to um, um, yeah.
Just like we put a 3D, um, capsule and then I, uh, for person, um, controller camera and then put it inside and then you can navigate in your unity.
So we provide you the source code and then we provide you the information.
So that is the case of the fijis.
So easy right. So it's easy honestly you can, you can um um produce lots of the interesting things.
And then if you have chunks so you can do lots of interesting scanning.
Yeah, but honestly, this one is very special.
Yeah. Even if you have the chunk. So, um, mostly you can not.
Um, um, when the temperature is close to zero, the battery will be frozen.
So I have no idea how to capture this one. Maybe that is really expensive or something like that.
Okay, so if you buy the DJI, um, um, Chong's, we meant to buy the.
By the way. What instrument? So they have a one.
I can only remember 700 or something. And then when you lost a job, they would give you a new one.
So this one is very important because our jobs have been go to the with our go to the, uh, I don't know month thought.
And then sometimes we cannot find that our jobs and discount instrument.
We have to to get a new one. So that's the case.
Okay. And then beside the another interesting thing that you can do it is number I.
So Genie. So you can, um, generate the 3D model Y now.
So starting from last x, I mean, first of all, we cannot have this kind of function, but, um, last year we can have a, um, uh, function like that.
For example, I want a but we want a monkey with Felix.
Felix with cosas. And it was very.
And, uh, that.
With the bad guys. That's really whacked Kansas. In a pair of swing.
Maybe. So.
Yeah. Oh, no. I need to sign.
So you sign. Okay. So whatever. So if you type in a new martini or some house.
If you search for the model. So there are a lot of lots of, um, existing, um, perform to how true to a generative 3D model.
So many. For example, if you use the genie numa genie.
So, uh, many all the models, they, they, uh, they have the, um, humanoid BiPAP.
So you can add the BiPAP into it and the enemy, your feeding model.
So it's, um, quite good. I would say that is quite good. And then for the animation.
So you also have the deep motion. Uh, most sun.
The motion. The motion? Yeah.
The motion. I don't want to say.
Okay, wife. So demotion. Demotion. So if the demotion.
So somehow still use the task to generate, uh, motion.
So now you can use the task to generate a 3D model. You can use the task to generate the, um, motion.
You can use the chat. Next, next one. We will use the, um, task to generate, uh, uh, to use the task and then generate the MPC dialog.
So now is quite extreme.
You need not to, um, do all the things by traditional camp where I'm a traditional camp, one, which is you have to build a video.
You have to build a 3D model. You have to prepare the script.
You have to prepare all the things by your by you humans.
But now you see that we can generate from the task. We can scan from the environment.
We can do all the things by using the AI. And that's new.
Um, I was at a camp production Pi nights for you and try to make good use of this kind of technologies, not only about, um,
create a PowerPoint or create a video you can embed inside your, uh, inside your, uh, your, uh, um, camps and then do other things.
Okay. So that is the case.
Yeah. I have mention of them. Yes, yes, yes.
So any questions you want to ask? And the question you want to ask.
So don't worry about, um, the piece kind of, in fact, last.
Last time asked to, uh, undergraduate student, go to UNAM and then, um showcase.
And then do the face scanning. So they just spent, um, few days and then learned of scanning and found they have this kind of without.
Okay, so it's good enough for your 3D model.
It's good enough for your, um, for your podcast. So for example, I will say that traditional.
Yeah. Chinese owned building.
Yeah. So they just use one day to learn or one day to practice, and then they do the scanning for this kind of area.
So maybe they expand. This is a little bit back. Maybe they spend 15 to 20 minutes and all the things is complete.
So you can put into camps and into lots of the interesting game world or gameplay.
Okay. So don't worry. And then, uh, hope that after this semester you can expand all sorts of the interesting,
um, idea, interesting, um, tools that we have introduced to you.
Okay. So any questions? Any questions?
No. If no questions, then we will move to the next part.
So it's great that, um, we used uh, we all and also we used, uh, um, object recognition,
object scanning, video reconstruction, exact example and then teach a lot of things about the eye.
So we moved to the last part of the AI that is the natural language processing.
So you will be the, um.
I will say that if you are target on your project or if you want to experience lots of the things that is, uh, we they to the I.
So this will be the last part you have to like. I guess after these lessons, we also have the lab materials.
We also have the conversation I lab materials.
So after these lessons, even your project one and then two, I will always think that you have you can start right.
You can start. Okay. So um, maybe you can, um, do something that is up to the industrial standards, not research standard resource.
Then that is another thing. You want to build something new. You want to copy something from the GitHub.
So you want to implement something for GitHub but for the industrial needs.
So somehow, you know the face scanning, you know how to use the, uh, metaverse, you know,
how to, uh, um, use the VR and how, you know, how to use the AI to generate, uh, 3D model.
You know this one. You know how to use the AI to compose your MPC and somehow is almost close to your project.
One hand to write right is only combine of your idea and then to also all things.
And today we move to um, uh, last part of um, the AI is natural language processing.
Your di our our um, lessons into two part.
The first part, we will have some briefly introduction about the chatbot.
So why we have the tokens and then why we have the um, um, chat bot and then how the tuning tasks, etc.
Just some basic idea of the natural language processing.
Then we will talk about, um, um, honestly, I will say that we divide into two part traditional way to come back to,
uh, compile the chat bot and then a new way to compile the chat bot.
New way, of course, is using the, um, church PD is using the Lama, and that traditional way is using the graph model and also the Q&A part.
So we have two way to compile the, um, chat bot.
I would say that um is not a must to choose one of them, so you can combine them together and use okay,
each of them, they have the advantage, they have the disadvantage. So you have different use, you have different application.
And that's the case okay. So um, last um, um, uh, top out uh, fundamental of the chat bot trouble.
We all all we also say the is um, conversational agents, conversational agents.
And then I say conversation agents. So some house. Um, yeah, you can say that, uh, it contains a dialog system.
It contains a dialog agents. So I guess you have lots of to expand to, uh, to, uh, to to, uh, interact with this kind of chatbot.
So let me use chat bot instead of conversation. Um, agent.
These two are chatbot. So you have to expand to talk with the Siri.
Right. From your, uh, primary school?
Yes, I remember from your primary school. So even my my, um.
Um, children. Why not? My son and my daughter. So how they do what they do?
They will not use the calculator to just ask to see and debate.
Okay, so, um, five primary school students, so they use last, last line.
My, I find that my sons use the deep sea to capture the image and then, uh, ask how to do the mathematics.
Yeah. So that's the situation. So, um, starting from your, I guess, starting from your primary school, you know how to use the,
um, chatbot to handle loss of your daily, daily, um, um, tasks, for example, CV.
So you use the CV to, to control your iPhone Alexa.
So you use the Alexa app to control your, uh, um, home assistant.
So this one is for home Assistant, Candia and Google Assistant, etc.
So you use them, um, to pay the music to chat for the fun, and then maybe, um, sometimes by now you, uh, um, shuffle, uh, with soft laziness.
And then when you are ball or you don't know where I should travel.
So you also ask the deep seats, or you also ask the, uh, open AI for your travel travel advice and for your mental health.
So sometimes, um, it's good that today loss of.
Yeah, I guess starting from last year. So loss of the paper in GM uh or trauma a gamma.
So they have loss of the paper to say that. Hey, um, um, um, the chat bot, can we,
we paste the human fear piece because they are quite patients and then honestly, they give you loss of the positive.
Um, um, thinkings about the mental health. So here.
So, um, one of the application of the chat bot, they really care about a primary health care.
Primary mental health care.
That means before you go to see a doctor or before you go to a psychology, perhaps a chat bot can handle a little bit for you.
And yeah, they what? Like, say, companions, companions with with the elderly and then with lots of the children by now.
So chatbot so they can be um query divided into two part according to the application.
So the first one will be yeah chatbot open domain okay.
That means for leisure. So when you use the chatbot for leisure maybe you are available and then you want to um, um, um, chit chat with the chatbot.
So some house. Um, yeah. You will have this kind of, um, something specially when, when the travel is new, for example, when see what is new.
So you, you will, um, chit chat with the Siri when the open AI is new to you.
So you chit chat with the open AI deep, you want to, um, um, yeah.
You want to find a fans and then chit chat, right?
But somehow, according to a, uh, I would say that, um, for a certain time, you stop this kind of the conversation.
Do you know why? So I see we can see that that's the whole open AI difficulty.
That's the.
How do you mean you can touch, you can lama mail and then, you know, you say, yeah, we continue with, um, how to do it, how to tell the key.
Wait. Awards. I'm Liana Soutine's, a woman.
I'm sure I can touch you to what you call eagle. What hand to hand.
Katie, I think I think that's your problem. Yeah, I say the nanny bias.
Although I, uh, put on these two pieces, um, comparisons to strategy, how these ideas resonate, how the simple way put into Shepherd Baba duba.
Yummy, yummy. Thank and see which you can see.
We will. How it's, uh, told. Yummy. Our. House.
Actually, uh, we put our soul, uh, kind of goes out this okay.
How? No idea what you say. And so time and fall in love with open I just attachment and the bar open.
I can't wait to see the lantern. Alhassan depend yo yo, I eats the to uh.
To. Yeah. So you with a more time and quicker companions.
Those are the, uh danger to young people.
Never go back to the top away.
[INAUDIBLE] on you. Right then some more because our.
Huh? Huh? Yeah, yeah.
Tapping a million. You can see which one item you can open the item while.
Yo, you can tell me about some way you can open item where you can see with Waba you can go you over to.
That's an important to you. Has a boy may handle time bar.
Well usually can what you type which I want to know where somebody with you know you buy as although I can
answer one one time go uh someone using Jaden may have somehow how it can typically how this you can um,
um, um, uh, touchy pedia how cheesy deep deconstructed. We can see my son somebody some of them a bit about the Euro uh, one tournament.
He, uh, you how, uh, John taught you, um, um, chicken it.
You tend to see that had a tad, uh, knowledge and imperial um,
panel depending on how baller she how the responding, depending on how far Danny boy put in the country.
Two time boys are. Has a Sunni shooting me or someone want your.
Picture? I need a lamp. You know you don't. You can take him.
I'll see you talking. We can have a double. We also work on modular protein powder.
So yeah. Weather.
So honestly, um, today, um, um, lots of people find that even the chat bot passed the Turing test, so they act like a human.
We will not keep a long relationship with this kind of chat bot open domain.
So, you know, fair enough. You will not become your boyfriend and girlfriend.
Maybe later. Maybe. Yes. I don't know why I thought because, um, some of the, um, um, um, some of the Japanese they want to marry with choice.
Wait, wait. I even, uh, um.
Yeah, the 2D character. So they want to fall in love. That's another thing.
But most of the people they don't want. Because from the human to human conversation, we want to build relationship.
Long term relationship. And this long term relationship, you want to get something bad honestly, or our conversation is not for leisure.
Okay. Okay. When you talk with your boyfriend, when you talk to your friends is not for leisure.
Okay. Specially boys. Right? Right. But, girl, you have to see male things.
Maybe you want him or her, uh, become your, uh, couples.
Maybe you want to settle a family with him or her, etc., etc.
So you have some hidden agenda. You have some Woody, some behind.
That is, you want to build some long term relationship.
And then if you go back to this kind of chatbot, open domain, still the same similar situation.
Okay. So if you talk with the chatbot. So if you cannot get a long term relationship or you cannot build a partner,
but with the chatbot, why you have to talk with him or her would be it trouble okay.
It okay. So why. Okay. So most likely to trap up here before into um, uh, the this one chatbot is for fun for leisure open domain.
When you are bored, you talk with the um, um, um, um, virtual girlfriend.
You talk about a virtual boyfriend, but most likely most of the human.
They do not because we are looking for a long term relationship. Okay, so somehow we fall into.
And other thing is past base or our conversation.
We are looking for some reason. And those are the task by task bay or we call it task oriented chatbot.
So um, um, you can be very simple. For example, it will be um, control your car, music control car.
You may be, um, control your, uh, booking system you want to buy, etc.
So today, when you are, uh, when you're driving in China away, you always say Seltos Alto toward you.
Tata Tata's out. Tata that if you keep that article you can see how to how to park cell to cell to to to to to to high also most cell to cell.
That's the counter counter suicidal cow.
So that's that's how to do it. So you are looking for a pass okay.
You are always asking someone for you to do a.
And that is task oriented okay. Cause all we are because is task oriented.
So you want the chat bot to navigate into a certain domain and then do the task for you or answer the questions for you.
So that's why open domain lab and somehow graph model task base for the task by um user.
So they need to combine together to facilitate your, uh, your, uh, your, uh,
your need because no one will talk with the lamb for, for, for for we long time, I guess.
No one. Okay. Yeah. My assumption is that. So we want something that is relate to our task.
And then if it's related to our task. So we want to narrow down to something whether you are using the language, if you are using the uh, um, um,
uh, mixture of expert or somehow graph model, we want something that is perceived into a certain domain area.
And that's why you need okay. So two out of about one is chatbot for leisure for fun.
And then maybe it's for VIP. I'm not sure because, um, um, sometimes, um, yeah.
If you have the virtual girlfriend, if we have your, um.
Yeah. Your, uh, your mental health. Okay. Another will be task space.
You want to do something that, uh, similar to your personal assistant, attack cat, control the car, um, um, control the music, etc., etc.
Okay, so before we jump into this task pane or before we jump into this kind of conversation, we have to understand our human conversation.
What do you think? Our human conversation. So you are programed by.
Right. And then you are also a human. So. With the programing language and also our human conversation.
So where's the contrast? Programing language is we.
We conquered, okay. We conquered.
And somehow you have the parameter inside. You have the actual inside.
All the thing is well defined. Okay.
So when you receive the programing language and then when you can run this programing language.
So somehow you exactly know what is the output. So that is we guys programmer is doing.
But working at our our conversation is similar to this one.
So uh yeah we will pass. We will yeah we will settle this one one by one.
So can you with this one. So what is the purpose of this conversation?
Compare with a. So here is I want to put a schematic.
Cat. Cat. Yeah I want to see now type tap.
So if you are writing a program so some house you will have a command called Book tech cat.
And again black cats number of cats and maybe two.
And then stop time and end time and then place and then closed up back up and down right.
So as we we squeeze it. So why was that.
Well I so that's why um, um, lots of the program, uh, they designed the HCI, they'd see the interface, the hops, all the all the, uh, um, use that.
They will finish all the time by their logic.
But honestly, logics come here and yes, we come. So we guys human when you go to, uh, when you go to McDonald.
So, um, you order from the console, from the touchscreen or you spoke with the, with the, um, uh, maternal, um, um, um, customer service.
So what is your habit? Why now touchscreen or use you you have the conversation.
Touchscreen okay. So you guys are already next generation.
So, um, when I was the, um, when I go to maternal, we have to, well, prepare before we, uh, make our order,
so we need to come and, like, we go to restaurant, we need to combine our all that, you know, we we shot from Santa.
Take our way. No paper low, um, um, uh, low plastic, etc.
We need to make our command into one. Not so.
We have to think very carefully before we go to the contact.
Okay. So go to model is something that is of course to that you have the console.
But honestly when you go to, um, the other cinema or the other things,
usually you will have this kind of think you will not come by all your needs into one command.
You take times and these are human conversation.
The first one, our human conversation is tech times.
Okay, there are lots of time. One time, two time, free time. For example.
Because of this kind of take time, you have to memory. You have to memorize that need, okay?
You cannot compete your your request within one command.
That's impossible. Okay. No use.
I will think carefully before they go to your user interface.
Okay. First one tech times another. There are lots of errors okay?
There are lots of errors. Even you will say that I only have mu 123456 exactly etc.
Set 12345. Okay, they will have.
Can I have a set five without um, um, without uh um.
Source eight okay, now I have to, um, um, set for campus with set five,
but I want to take our waiter salad, etc., etc. they always have some exception, okay.
And it makes you or it makes the, um, human conversation become a very hard to, to control.
So honestly, previous um, um, um, come on. Base uh, is design all the things from machine.
Therefore we want to compile all the thing into come. Um, but when we talk about the human.
So we jump into the natural language processing or this kind of natural language processing saying is we we compose the first one,
you take time, the second one is full of error or we full of uncertainty.
Hidden agenda okay. For exceptions. And that's the case okay.
So here something that the chat bot. Yeah. So because it takes times and then there are a lot of hidden um um uh agenda uncertainty.
So honestly you have to remember all the conversations.
Don't find that the first chatbot with long, long memory, um, uh, long term memory is, is, um, so far away, it's only a few years.
Okay. Within this few year, the will change a lot.
Yeah. Within this few hundred year, we change a lot. So negative number that means negative one 2345 etc.
So when do we have the negative number. Do know.
Foo foo foo San. They say the foo the did digitized.
It's I totally entertained. Well, once I can see your. How that's such a well.
Done in guy 2000. Pinelands oil detail.
Negative. His eyesight and lack of a family, I hope.
Anyway said cycles anyhow into how to handle such a high outcome.
Best lump a hierarchical high dimensional data seasonally sampling out by them.
Ben hadn't quite been handled better here.
We need a long term memory to remember all the terms extracted keywords and discount keywords.
They have loss of the um um um, see me, uh, uncertainty.
I would say that if, um, one see my concept, I will use different wording to explain.
And there our situation because of this kind of situations.
And then we need the long term memory. And then long term memory is only five years.
The first um long term memory trap is only five years.
Okay. Is very amazing. And that's nothing from this long term memory tripod and shopping.
Okay.
So, um, um, um, why now to have to charge p t to have to, um, I would say that to have this kind of the large language model is only 2 to 3 years.
So this we are may say okay, any change our well a lot within this tool for years.
So um shopping small ice is quite good way.
So somehow they can chat with you and then they can talk with you with lots of lots of long conversations.
And today, uh, but honestly, this kind of chatbot is not.
We need to you when you go to the hotel in China.
So you always say to sell, to sell, to sell, sell, sell, sell, sell sell, sell sell sell model.
So I thought I told is I sell. So you always pay with them and then they will travel with you and somehow house if you now go with the deep sea.
So if you have the MCP, MCP so they can have lots of they can kind of function.
So you can create websites, you can query interface and then connect their MCP with Sea model so they can thought.
And then a large deep sea model to control your home access device.
All control all of things. So that is amazing okay.
So because we have the 2 to 2 two um, um, I'll try to if one is um, space and other is called uh for leisure.
So some house we will jump into two structure troubleshooter one is called will base rule.
Base will base. That means we have lots of the question and answer pair question and answer pair.
We can a lot lot of the still we can allowed lots of the uncertainty.
For example, if we have the word to which we can measure the difference.
For example, if I say that, uh, temperature, high surface and how so this is two totally from our speed from our model.
So this is two two bar things way. But if you turn you into what to where they are almost similar.
So we can use the what what to compare. And then they are similar.
And then we can still we can have the rule base patterns. So they are the question answer question answer question answer pair.
And then this one question answer uh will base patterns.
Yeah. Tubifast compare with the another is Copa space.
Copa space means that is driven by large language model LM.
That means that data um we will discuss. So we are not we are not uh going to hear will base.
We are not going to use the human to compile the, uh, question answer one by one.
We are using uh lot. So if define is will base traditional programing then this one will be last.
Next time we have mentioned this one is machine learning approach that we we have lot of the bottom into it.
And we use the machine learning to find a relationship of all the great things.
Okay. That means when I have the first thing.
So I will have the probability to estimate my second word, think, estimate my writing as my fourth one thing, etc., etc.
Okay, and this kind of work that is based on the long term memory.
So that means based on your questions, based on your previous, um, answer question answer here.
And then we will output the question to answer one by one, one by one work by which work?
Published work by us to you. Okay. So I would like to ask one questions.
Which one is better? I can't use the pants.
It depends. And then why not come by? So, you two.
Perfect answer. It's engineer. You should always ask.
Yeah. It depends. And then why not combine this perfect answer for all the things this one large language data driven model.
So, honestly, at the very beginning, maybe two of fiasco, you have to prepare your large language model, right?
So I'm talking about before the deep set. If we we want to 1 to 2.5 5.5.
The machine that you build out that we have by is spans 34 million HKD.
You spent 34 million. You need a lot of money to one of cost of 33 model Apple of AI solution is a 100,000 100,000.
And then we can want deep sea model to have a natural language presentation.
Okay. So honestly if you we want to one this one.
So you have to pay a huge machine. We expensive machine.
And then somehow you have to prepare your data set. By now it's good.
You can download the deep sea. You can download the lama, you can download all other things.
But at the very beginning. So you have to prepare yourself. And this one the data set is maybe you prepare by yourself, but mostly it's not.
The data is prepared by the others. So somehow this one is good for the leisure okay.
It's good for the leisure. But if you have some, don't make Pacific car shows.
So what can you do? You can use the flag format to get it.
You can use the mic people group to get it, but honestly,
the output of this kind of the lamp post cannot be guaranteed or key cannot be 100% guarantee.
Honestly. Okay. Okay. So that is the problem.
They have a good natural language presentation.
But somehow the information is in this kind of system.
They cannot be guaranteed. So that's why we need another post.
For example this one ballpark's. So if you say that I will pay.
For example I use the Microsoft or I use the post title for a post.
So this one is the graph model and all the question and answer.
They are well defined. They are well defined. So if they have something that cannot answer so what's what.
So works that respond. They just say, I'm sorry, I cannot.
Um. Um, um, give the answer to you. Perhaps you need to ask the expert or etc. so they will not give you the false or wrong answer.
So that is very important. Okay. And that's why.
Why now loss of the medical use. Medical use.
They are still funding the rule base because all the questions as they are defined by the medical doctor,
35 by the expert, they are not by probability.
Okay. Here this part is we have property and he still is dangerous.
Okay. So we'll base is traditional poem outpost.
If then else approach. And then if you are changing to another lateral proposal you have to.
And that one is the new neighbor approach. And then that one is the machine learning approach.
We give them the input, we give them the task.
And then they know the relationship of the first what the second voting for voting for fifth voting, etc., etc.
Okay. So that's the situation. So yeah.
So we go to uh, um, um, um, um, different settings one by one.
The first one is the task by pathway or code base is easy to understand.
So some house you only have, uh, certain tasks of the things you have to do,
for example, setting up a timer or paying Exxon or buying a product, etc., etc.
So today, a lot of the product in China, in China, I think goes all the thing into AI.
So that's why, um, the deep state or the open AI, they, they, they own a lot because even a alarm.
So alarm. Right. So even alarm.
So alarm, the easier function is you set the cloth and then somehow you set, uh, um, um, um, um, alarm.
Okay. And then all the things timely. But in China there are a lot of AI alarm.
That means they put the AI function into this alarm.
So beside that, you can, uh, set the, um, when the alarm will be rang.
So you can also top with this kind of alarm. And when they receive a warning, for example, set the alarm to Am, etc.
So the um alarmed with Michael Bates.
So they have to MCP and then they will set the command in to the my cockpit.
And now your alarm can equip with the AI modules.
I don't know why but yeah that's the setting. Maybe we have lots of the small device or surface.
Um, um, robot that can and coup of AI. So all the things can be I even a very small task.
So interesting. So, um, task base AI can be compiled.
So that's why, uh, you know, previous night, I will say that.
Why not both? Why not combine them together? Because nowadays, even the task base, they have this kind of approach.
Okay. So, um, um, yeah, when we go to the task base, so we will understand the, um, structure of the task first.
So, so structure of the task can be defined in 212122 part.
The first one is core I would say that divided into a frame fast.
Frame fast. That means each term of the conversation, each term of the conversation.
And then for the each term of the conversations we have, the slot slot is the data that we want to ask.
For example, here we have to buy a take cat back take care for.
So for a theme, the um, data that we want to get from the user somehow the story chance,
uh, destination, departure time, uh, arrival time and etc. etc.
So all the thing we could start order start identify is a type.
Okay. So for example the origin is the city and then departure time with the departure
departure date will be the departure time would be time with the slot.
You want the date, uh, you want the data and then the data type. So you would generate different questions for your use okay.
So that is how we combined all the things together today.
When you are combined with the chat GPT or OpenAI.
So you can prepare the stock, you can prepare the type in your HHI and then put what presentation layer,
presentation layer to the chatbot and then let them to form the question by a large language model.
Okay. Or what p generate a set of large language model and then give it into your,
into your question so that you can decrease the number of use your of your OpenAI because it costs money.
When you ask OpenAI cost money. And also you can have the possibility to test that ability to to change the question.
So those are the question we want to play inside. And here is a simple, um, travel agents and then the human client, um, conversations.
So yeah, I'm running out of energy.
So can you with by yourself to go with your. Five minutes.
Okay. So yeah, whip out your self and then take a five minute spike.
Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo chi chi take about can can agents just want to.
I'm. Sure. When you go to the seminars and you know how to hold onto a whole.
Smoke on. Top of the whole thing.
Well, I'm sure you. Sugar. Uh, what do you mean, it's done?
Male women's. Examination council.
I mean, what does the cigar. What does the journal office tumble?
So I tried talking about, you know, teasing the ones to come in through the room.
So what you have done? 12.
Uh uh uh, um, examination system as tell woman.
So things are like the approach I do when I'm dealing with, you know, how many it's all about with a little bit more high dollar.
Sorry. I know for sure. Uh, yeah.
Hold on. Uh oh, sure.
Uh, so everyone should be proud of what you're about.
To do. About tennis.
Do how you tell woman to turn it on.
Uh, Council has a council that will measure about a month.
We, uh, we are hoping to play you those presentations.
Uh. Limitation with her discharge.
So time goes by. This time I. Thomas. Okay, I think I know.
What do you get out so you take the wall out to go since he got the soil to do it.
Okay. That's right. Yes.
Take the key. Travel key.
But I take the things that they tell them and I.
Buy houses since he or she. She may be able to not take us out through out that Jacinto.
So the tree house in the so just until 2012 months until he's.
And I can see the, uh, of this as well.
So so you do what you would call telling me.
Uh, outside of Cincinnati.
How about you to watch out? I tell since you I want to how to tell you, you know, for.
A little more cases. Of course. I'm going to do two changes.
How we. I tell you that the initial one we're not talking about.
Yeah. This is all comments to the moment. The presentation.
We are all night. So any monkey with you yet? Oh okay.
Oh my gosh. Uh. But in other words.
And John Hancock. Teaches 12 some students on assignment.
I say that you center your assignment title.
What do you mean? It's the church. You been in. The church you get out.
Uh, you've had a course.
You you. Just don't know the destination.
Just told the Lord. Each one. Done.
Contra true. Artistic club.
Male title. Board. Uh. Title. The title.
Upkeep on the. Artistic.
I'm sure a lot of us. It was a good, you know, meal.
She thought her way to a meal came. Please may come to me or something.
I still can't my. And take it away to.
We all tend to be docile. And yet. I don't know, John.
Just let me know your thoughts. Okay?
Okay. Why you want to.
What if you want to retreat and the Lord is coming, I told.
Watch it now. Okay, here we go.
Here we get to. If you. So this is a.
Just come down here. I hope I can prepare you all.
What can I do? Well, sure. I'll tell you something. Okay.
Okay. Yeah, okay. This is a boy.
I told him. That I didn't even jump up.
Who's. Got time and.
Wait, wait. I'm, uh. Uh uh uh uh, outside town and take, uh, 25.
Okay, so we will continue our lessons and then, uh, after a certain period of time,
and then we will discuss about a project specially about that, that night of the project.
Okay. So here is a simple, um, conversation between the human and NGO travel agent.
Travel agent here is not saying that they are chatbot, so they are a lot more human.
So the first one you can observe, there are a lot of terms.
Okay. You say very simple. Um, and I booking um, um, and I booking um, um, pass and then all of that you can complete if you are a programmer,
why not to complete all the things in one command.
So we set the destination, we set the app to inform, and then we with the table you can get back um, we saw etc.,
etc. but honestly, when you go to a human conversation, it's like that and it's already not so complicated.
You can't imagine, um, if you are, we want to take can you spend many hours goal.
So you go to a travel agency and the ethical you will spend more than 15 or 30 minutes and talk with the travel talk with the travel agents.
Okay. So the first one about a human conversation you have to bear in your mind terms.
So there are a lot of terms to complete one command okay.
We guys humans a lot. Um, machine we need times.
The information that we deliver in each um, frame is we, we limit.
Usually we only deal if one information in the conversation and we, uh.
Yeah, we are just like me right when we are talking.
So we are full of what page? Only some word keywords is very important.
Okay. So the first one is tech times. So it's ten techniques.
And then when it's time King. So you have to understand.
Yeah if you are a programmer you have to understand when I should start a talk, when I should in a top.
And then within this top we capture the information out to, to my, to my task and then to my command and then perform the task.
So one of the difficulty about the time taken is when we start and then when we stop a,
a a talk and, and our thing is there is full of interwoven interruptions.
So can you see that. So when they, uh a booking so almost you, you, you.
Yeah. To kind of say to hey I want to propagate ethical to Seattle etc., etc.
And then you talk all the things about the, the um, um, um informations and then when they confirm you think, hey, should be confirmed.
Why, why'd they say that? Okay. But honestly it's not. So there are lots of interviews.
There are a lot of hidden agendas inside of human conversations.
So when you have the interview up, so how you can, um, handle it the.
Well, so all these kind of thing, you need an external logic, external um, um, graph model to handle all sort of things.
And within the human conversation there are lots of us.
So see that. So that you say five on 5 p.m.
Right. So what's the meaning of five part.
He's the fifth fish. Or five fish. Or fish.
Three fish, etc. So see, that is not a typo is the conversation.
So means that. Hey, the fifth five. Um, um, in your conversation.
But this one is 5:55 p.m. is not the, uh, fifth one.
So there are lots of uncertainty. There are lots of urban during our conversation.
So the interval will be here. And then when you have the interweb you always need to understand.
Um, um, um, there is something will be changed.
Maybe you need to, um, capture the information again, and then you need to, um, start to start the, um, um, um,
start the conversations from the very beginning, so into what will be here and then to stop all your conversations.
So always remember that. Yeah, most of the people, when they start to use the word thing to define a message to you that you say, actions be hard.
We always say that there should be a hidden agenda. Hidden agenda.
Um, most of the human, they do not. We will not speak walk which even you say what?
We will have a certain kind of action. We don't want to define.
Okay. So for each time you need dialog so you say kind of actions and then any kind of action.
So when you are saying that you want to go into natural language processing and NLP.
So um, identify the the conversation, identify the frame into different category into different actions will be one of your research topic okay.
Whether this one is somehow um, about um, yeah, you are going to answer why concentrate paid if you're going to answering or you are going to caring,
you are going to deliver some message to it or whether it's a directive.
So that means that you say this is an order okay.
You are going to ask someone to do something.
So um, you are going to asking some. Yeah. You are going to asking someone to do it or you are going to inviting someone to do it.
Requesting someone to do it is started. Okay.
So whether you are containing the information or you are going to have some narrative, sometimes it will be a commission, okay, committee.
So it will be a Paloma saying, okay, I will do something, I'm going to do something.
So after a certain conversation, exchange the information with the other so you will have a concrete sentence conclusion.
That and most likely the conclusion time will be something that you want to make
your promise and further push your conversation to end at a to another stage.
So that one is, um, um, coming. Save some things that a yes, I uh, a lot like a lot of money.
So yes, I have received your message, for example.
Okay okay okay okay okay okay.
You say like and then, uh, yeah, you can think that. So some actions may be is apologetics, maybe school greeting, maybe say thank you etc., etc.
But honestly the most important, um, uh, message about enlargement.
Okay, okay okay. Okay. So, um, usually we can divide our, uh, speed at into these four.
Honestly, we can have more and more. Okay. So the first one, turn up the music.
Okay. Turn on the music. Turn up the music or top the music. Okay, so this one, this is.
And all that way. This is another directive.
Okay? This is order. I order you to do something. So, uh, what they made, do you want to travel?
So again, this one, you say questions and I'm asking for extra, uh, extra information.
So, um, this one is also directive. I need to travel in May.
So this one is I gave the information to you, so, um, um, conservative and then.
Thanks. Okay, so this one is a large one. Say that I with your, uh, information, I will save your request.
You can. I don't believe that all the speed at into this kind of example.
So if I want to put the NLP in this examination this year.
So most likely the easiest way for us to, to, to do the, uh, exam question is I give you a set of conversations just like this one.
And then I ask, so, um, um, what is the, um, here?
What is the speed up of one sentence of one fame?
What is the, uh, fame wise thought that we can get it back from your conversations.
Okay. Your face, NLP situations. So why the end?
Uh, why the speed at is so important? Why?
Because the speed at try to control the bus part of the.
Um, yeah, try to control the presentation of all your best part.
So if you can, if you cannot identify the, uh, input of your user.
So somehow you don't, don't know that whether you say actions or whether it's a and launch, but you do not know how to respond.
Okay. So the most important thing in natural language positioning is understand the speed.
And honestly it seems to is important, right?
Our, uh uh um, um, human brain.
We already have this we already have this kind of information.
But when you're talking with a machine, they do not have this kind of information.
And you say must for them to learn because we affect the presentation style of your voice of the, um, um, generative Westbourne.
Okay. Second thing is when we are going to discuss with the other.
So we need to collect the information for the next stage, for the next stage, for the next stage.
Okay. For example, when someone come to us, I want to buy a I take care.
So buy a I take care from their first speech.
So this one is give you a quantum command understanding of the next stage.
Next extract okay. So for our our conversation we are viewing the command Grand command one one by one, one by one boss.
And this is take. It takes the long term memory to remember all the things.
Um, um, um, um, um, uh, face to face.
Us. Okay, so this is a common thing, and this is a piece up of culture is very important.
So common Q&A is not only happens in the natural language processing.
Hey, you have learned ex-CIA. So why why I passed the baton?
This one need to night out. Why?
You have learned ex-CIA, at least some of you guys, uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh, have attended the ICOs.
So why it has been that up when we talk? Give you back the ball.
Okay. Give you better grounding. I understand your needs.
I am doing something that you request command granting.
Okay, so not only about the natural language processing in our daily HCI human computer interface, you provide a lot out of things about quantum.
Okay. So. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay.
Okay. Is the content. So all of these very important especially when we're talking with the other.
So we Pete and okay is true.
We could go on like a knowledge month for your baseball.
So don't think that, um, the, um, um, actual language processing is, um, something we we, we titles because when you can,
we picked the most important keywords from the, from the user is kind of subset of your, not only from the natural language.
And it's all also for your daily life when you are listening to the others.
So sometimes when you can repeat the key words with uh from the others.
So this one can help you to push your conversation and push the relationship
builder command one thing a little bit more and to be more analytical more.
So why do something so important in your, uh, in your public examination and in your other conversation?
Is somehow this, this part?
Because when you can repeat so you can get the order and then you can do the order, you can for the order, then we, uh, important for you.
Okay. Yeah.
So, um, when a system done and then, uh, you have to build a common thing one by one, one by one.
So you, the system can ask what's the next?
And then build the conversations with, with the, um, with the, with the, um, um, generative AI, uh, with the natural language processing.
So you have to understand the structure. You have to understand the questions so that you can build the question answer proposal,
accept WeChat and then all this kind of the conversation pair.
Okay. So that is very interesting because when you do not know the when you do not understand the conversation pair.
So some house, um, you cannot uh, produce a natural or produce a at like will present um conversation to the others.
So beside uh beside the conversation pair.
So sometimes we cannot get the information at one sentence or one time.
So we have the sub dialog. We have the subtitle.
So sometimes that means that hey, we, um we deliver some message.
So they will ask extra information so that you come to an end of the loop.
You jump to another graph model for conversation, and sometimes they will come back to the main information to, to, to, um, to do the discussion.
Subtitle or design will be way important in Google dialog for design.
So later we will discuss Google Dialogflow.
They are using the graph model and their software design will be one of the important things for you to design the natural language site.
You have to save a lot of cost. You have to Peter a lot.
Uh, where is the P dialog? I'm sorry.
You have to. Hey. Initiative.
Waste my people. Uh, yeah.
PC coins. Okay. PC coins. So sometimes lost means that when you, uh, I'm talking with some informations,
so some interest comes and then you want to give that information to the user first.
So you have the sub dialog to uh for them to talk with P.
That means that before you jump to the system you find the common uh or common problem of a user.
Then you give them some priest shirt or to kneel down or to, I would say that,
um, um, navigate them into your answer and question pair and that is dialog.
So I can understand that is somehow some can be combined into two parts.
The first one is when you go to top out, when you jump into the dialog of the customer service, they already have the pre designed the questions.
So what is the delivery time. So how can I uh playing with your product etc. etc.
So most likely they were trying to a 2 to 3 and other dialog.
Um design is sometimes when you call the credit card service customer service.
So nowadays they will have a extra, um, uh, Python service that you receive some informations.
If yes, please press nine and then discuss with our customer service directly.
Okay. So for example you will see my uh information and then you have disclosed your credit card number together with your CSB number etc., etc.
So I try to predict your need before you call me.
So this one is p sequence p. Um um dialog discussions.
Okay. And then uh yeah.
Conversation initiative. When you are getting the information from the user user, they do not have only one initiative.
Maybe they have to mediate that fee, maybe they have four, etc., etc.
So a conversation um initiative may be a mixture model.
Mixed model. You have to understand inside your conversation.
And then you have to understand in your, uh, in your uh, um, um, graph model design.
So maybe here you need to do 2 or 3 setting into it.
For example here. Yeah. Even had the, um, um, you know, progress.
So and what they, it makes you want to travel. Okay.
I would like to have a meeting that is from 12 to 15.
So try to imagine that you are a customer service of any kind.
And then when you are asking what is the date? That means you have to give me one day.
Hey. What's wrong? You tell me that you have a meeting from 12.
From 15? I'm not your secretary. I'm not going to answer.
Um, all of those sets of the questions of or I. I'm not going to solve your other problem.
I just want to solve your I my etiquette booking pop up.
But the situation is when you are human, usually they will give you loss of the constraint.
Loss of the special interference. Lots of the special, um, agenda.
This call makes the initiative in that conversation.
And that's why you have to memberi remember also of thing 151151151 and that's the situation.
So yeah, that is the common one thing we have to understand.
So try to summarize. So your exam questions okay.
If you say exam questions suppose there are two needs of the chatbot.
Can you name it. There are two needs of the chatbot two need.
One is for leisure. Another is for task base.
Because you have two application, you have two needs.
Then you have two computer science design.
One is. Wheelbase.
Wheelbase. Who pays can be question and answer pair can be Q and a pair.
So you have a question. You have to a question answer question as a can be graph model okay.
So they are expert predefined question and answer pair rule base and other is.
Large language model corpus okay. Base okay.
So which one is better. It depends.
Okay. If I'm going to use a task base that is suitable for the.
If this one that uses tax base past base tax break, that's fine.
Then which one is better? Most likely is the wall base rule base because it limited the drama base somehow.
If your task is witty, really difficult, so is another is another design.
We we defer to some means that you have to solve a research problem.
Can you see that book? The I take care problem is already difficult okay okay.
So see that task base. Most likely we want to use the word base.
But wall base may not be perfectly, uh, suitable for all the, um, open end or all the, um, um, um, all the tasks.
Just like the book that is already we. Commentator. So some house does for the speaking.
So there are lots of first one terms. Okay.
Inside the terms there are lots of uncertainty okay.
And then what else. There are lots of heat and spit actions.
There are lots of hidden agenda, lots of hidden, um um um, um, um, situations.
And then what else? And then, uh, yeah, it takes the time face, um, pickings.
And then you have to build a common ground for all the conversations.
So it takes a long nonmember. It remembers all the things.
And that is the difficulty of designing a chatbot.
So don't think that design a tripod is easy, because mostly whatever you are playing games or chauffer agents.
So desired tripod means that you have to define something.
De facto. De facto, from cha to emergent that even this kind of the tech cat take care booking.
So the model that you have designed will be very complicated and you will be your nightmare.
We'll discuss later. So, uh, we quick questions about, uh, that is good that we still have half.
So, uh, quick questions about your posture. Some of your students mentioned that your examination will be a of December issue.
I haven't chat. Can I trust you?
Yes. Why? So if eight of the same.
But so do you want to Paul chat that night before or after the examination?
Originally is 1st of December. Before.
Who say before we slam your hand. When you stop your hand.
Not so many after. No parents.
It seems the same. I choose how long you hold.
Uh, since I doubt your DNA. So I, uh.
So. Yeah. But how to tell you how to hold your presentation, handling it online.
So have your PowerPoint, your eco short demo. You have your woman.
That Q&A before the what you saw. So to see.
So your your routine solar.
She solar. He wants see, Salma.
This type of. Thrill.
So it's also to Monsanto? Yeah, I said so. All. So.
Harbor may watch or kayak a Google form.
How one until one team harbor. Okay, now I think one way to go from your help, I think, uh uh uh um uh uh, open uh, my teammates.
So we got to see how I see. So how how about.
Yo, Tim. Quinn. I'm not a woman of apologies, Daniel.
Okay, whatever. Okay, okay. I'm sorry.
I'm sorry I gave you a really hot questions. And then we go back to our power, our conversation fast.
Okay, whatever. Okay, whatever.
So I would create a Google form and then let you take a roll. Maybe I will set up one word for for the, um, two things.
And then the most likely the different will be the 1st of December or 15 of December.
So you choose one and then, uh, yeah, I will set, um, the time slot from 130, similar to your latter two.
I don't know. So maybe, um, up to five to, um, six.
Um, um PM so and then, yeah, you will be online real soon, and then I will open the time slot for your for your, uh, lecture show.
So you watch your start, your time slot. I and Weyman will be here and, uh, listen to your PowerPoint and then give you the feedback and,
of course, the Q&A Q&A card for your, uh, for your, uh, grading.
So, um, try to do it, uh, better.
And always remember that to prepare a one minute video x, I remember one minutes video, one minutes, one minutes video.
This one minute video is very important because you try to seem to, uh,
try to sum up all of your thinking and most likely your 15 15 minute presentation, more or less at the same.
Yeah. The things that you have, more or less they are the same.
So the only difference we always find out is the one minutes video.
So try to put effort in this one minute with us today.
You have lots of the ITC. You can generate the videos. You can generate some of the screenshot.
You can generate lots of that interesting content inside this one video, one minute video, make a good use of it.
You can also to know the top videos. Do you know why?
Stop video. Stop video.
You can also download this kind of top video and then put it inside to explain your, uh, your basic concept.
Mostly one minutes per video. We will spend 30 so 30s to expand your idea and other 32nd will be your implementation and how you solve the problem.
Okay, so one minute for your popcorn and other one minutes for your sorry two minutes,
30 minutes for your 30s for your for your popcorn 30s for your solutions and solution.
Most likely you will spatial audio or you will have different kind of effect to implement inside inside your,
your um, um, inside your, uh, metaverse platform.
Okay. And then another 40s.
So perhaps you can say that, hey, I'm going to solve the culture.
Right? So, um, Chinese. Ultra.
So somehow see that. So there are lots of Wordle.
There is good enough for us to use. And this kind of, um, 1 or 2 is definitely enough for your, uh, fundamentals.
And then you can get this 1 or 2 stock videos to the IRGC and generate the remaining to explain your idea.
So today you can come by. Um, um, both of them to use.
Honestly, I am the charge of one of, um, uh, high school, uh, high school, primary school to high school.
Um, I cheesy content. So today, lots of the high school or, uh, the or the, um, um, um,
primary school students can use the word and to change the video, and the quality is good enough, so I.
Yeah, I'm quite, um, um, looking for your, uh, word and then try your best to do it.
Okay, so here is good half of our cast.
And then we can come to and other kind of things.
Um, and, uh, uh, half of our, our, um, settings.
So we'll discuss three technologies that you can use. The first one is Microsoft Solution Asia, Microsoft Speech Surface.
So Microsoft Surface today is weak because they trying to come by um, the uh speech service with the open AI with the open AI.
They have a great, um, ability to transfer all the things into, into, into, into the task.
So most likely, uh, Asia specifies they transfer the speed,
they transfer all the things into tasks in with the tasks you can do after interesting things.
So they can provide the PowerPoint subtitle. They can provide the lite live captions.
They can pull y some sales and support graphs for, for, for for your, uh, for your adaptation.
So this part mostly here will be for the developer.
Developer. If you are a programmer, try to make use of this kind of, um, um, solution.
You can create a chatbot by using this. But if you are say that I'm only your a home user, they already have to use um, um, Cortana.
They always need have the, uh, personal assistant together with the home assistant that you can use to communicate.
So for all the, um, uh, this kind of stuff is easy.
So all of them, they are asked to perform X a surface path on Microsoft.
That means if you are a developer. So you can watch us tap for the um, API key and then put their API key into your applications.
So today, the only thing you need to do is understand the business logic creator interface call.
And that's it. Your business logic interface tool, the AI service.
And then when you use the AI service they will charge the amount.
And then um, you will trust the amount. And uh, up to a certain level of the usage, you have to pay for the service and that is how to earn the money.
So today Microsoft, they are with Microsoft or AWS or other Google that will be smart X.
The fun M is be high risk.
So try to imagine that when you want to create a business logic, or when you want to discuss with your customer,
it take times for your communications and then when you build the application, it cannot be fully guarantee that your application is success or not.
So how Microsoft Azure Google Open AI earn the money, you do, the interface you handle, the business logic you discuss with your customer.
If you can earn the money, that's great. And the other AI most difficult part is handled by us.
So if you use our service, I charge money for you, I charge money for you, I charge money for you.
And that is that's, I think, okay. Oh.
Okay. So, uh. Yeah, that is the sad thing.
Okay. Uh huh.
Mhm. So this is just like the coal concept alcohol company in China.
I wanna say a coal company in China is I give you the office.
I give you some space, I give you the platform. Excl.
You create the content. So I have lots of the URL to create the content.
I only offer the infrastructure. I only offer the things that you need.
So when you buy our service, then I can win the market.
So just like a casino gambling. And they are the casino and they offer defense more small, small small cells for them to one for that business.
And here is a situation. So when you are, uh, graduates, um, and you want to go out to work, you have two choices.
The first one, go to the big company. So that's why a lot of you guys want to study a PhD.
Because when you study a picture, you understand the algorithm, you understand the algorithm.
Then you can go to this company to create the AI tools, to create the algorithm,
to create a program for the company, and then give this tools algorithm to the others.
So today when you go to Microsoft or go to the others, they always ask you, do you have the GitHub?
GitHub concept, email, GitHub concept is somehow to create a course and then for the other to use.
If you can create tools two for the other to use,
that means you have this kind of concept to one the algorithm and the perform to deliver to the others.
So Microsoft and Asia, they will ask you to become one of their member.
Okay, that is the first things you can do to earn money.
Yes, you can earn money if they pay a lot. Okay. But somehow, um.
Um, they also asked for, uh, we high, high qualification.
So most likely, at least you have, uh, pitched. Or at least you have, um, some research background.
So we will ask you to come into that company and board and other say that, hey, I hate research.
I don't know how the algorithm works. I don't want to take care about mathematics.
So what you would do if he is under this kind of ecosystem?
So what you do? So if you are not going to the big company and then go, I will say that.
So the divide into two parts. Microsoft or other big company.
They will not touch the customer parody. They do not want to communicate with the real quiet.
So in the middle part. So there are lots of small company, small company.
So there are lots of um, I will say that they in Microsoft, they call it uh, um, fat belt.
He, he had died. He died.
He that was all. He died. He died.
So they have some, uh, fat Bell company.
So those are small company, and then they are feuding with Microsoft.
Of course, this kind of company, you can have it with Apple.
You have here with you cafe with the other two, they sign up the contract and then they promised that,
hey, I will use the service of Microsoft and the other.
And when you become this kind of company or this kind of small scale company, you discuss with the will hire.
Maybe they are Russian one, maybe they are a, I don't know, a government.
Sometimes they are government. Microsoft will not get the Port Authority from the government.
They will find out this kind of small drama house, develop these cars and then develop the product for the government.
You can go to this kind of small company.
So the world in this small company is understand the business logic, communicate and understand the business model.
That's why lots of our graduates be guys graduates if they are girls.
So most likely they can go into this kind of company because they can't communicate well with their clients,
their language skills and then their communication skills.
They are soft enough to communicate with the cat, and then they understand the business logic.
They understand a little bit about the algorithm. Then that's enough.
Okay. Understand the outcome from that means you see my two here.
I just understand the input and output. Do I need to understand the, um, algorithm?
What is the, um, bypass function? Do I need to understand what is the um, um, network structure, etc.?
Normally I just understand the input and output facilitate the businesses, and then I can do the, uh, business order in our project.
One important tool most like the loss of our loss or our metaverse project.
We are not talking forward with such level. We are only talking about application level.
So understanding input output understanding a little bit about algorithm.
That's enough okay. Uh so Microsoft Azure subscription.
So there are lots of um AI power search in particular we have for Asia I can for you.
So just go to the um, um, Google and search party.
You for example, remember, you should be A11 thousand Hong Kong dollar or something like that.
So you can enjoy and then you can try the AI service.
So, uh, yeah, you can stop for you to count with the credit card together with our power,
you lot, you my party, you or, uh, I can remember your email.
Your email is called Net-A-Porter. You. You are at Cornetto Portillo to Hong Kong.
Why? So you don't have a edu? Yes.
We are using Microsoft Surface. And then because you are using a Microsoft server.
So you also have the ability to use the Asia service.
And then you can try for example you want to try to Asia. Um um here live captions or uh Asia speech.
These kind of service transfer all the things from here speech to tasks.
So just go to the register your email, register your credit card.
And then you are able to use the most important things is you have to a PIM.
So you have two API key. This one API key put the API key in your application.
If you are using unity, this one here. Here is the um um, unity docs.
You gotta has put your API key in your, uh, your files.
Then you can connect to the Asia with the Asia.
You can turn on to speech to task service. Okay.
So that is interesting. And then that is all the things, um, um, starting from, from the scratch.
So in your unity, so you just prepare a button. So a button for example is a on and then they will start the cutting to work.
They will change you into a wave and then wait for you sent back to a Microsoft.
Um, uh, allow is East Asia to southeast East Asia to the Microsoft um, speech service,
and they will change all the thing in to task for you and for you to display all the programing you need is just here speed to pass.
So it's good. I don't know, but you have to think what is the interaction you want to decide?
Because this part is only speed to task, speed to tasks.
And then you go to OpenAI to go to a large language model and generate a whisper,
etc., etc. you have to decide, but that is the start of all the things.
Can I put, uh uh um, uh, speed to open AI and then let them to process the output order things by them?
Yes. It's expensive.
Yeah. If you are using the open AI for all the stuff that is expensive.
So try to emergent that. Um, um, yeah, this one.
Of course you have to delay you send to Microsoft and then do send to the OpenAI.
Uh, you have to delay if you do all the things by using the OpenAI, the delay is, is is limited.
But with this kind of setting. So somehow, um, the price can be cut down and cut down.
So it really depends on your needs. Because talking about using about the OpenAI is a little bit expensive.
Yeah. So yeah depends on your need okay. So remember this file and this file this two file.
So this is the microphone capture by putting this tool so you can implement uh speech to task uh information in in Microsoft Azure.
So that's the first one. And other one we want to discuss is call uh Google dialog for Google data files.
Yeah. Here I uh yeah.
See you may simply talk about yes you can.
I don't care. Hi. Haircut for a client.
Um, I'm looking for something on the third. One.
Mhm. Or what are you looking for?
Around at 12 p.m.? We do not have the quantity unavailable.
Not that we have. That is, I want it, please.
If you have anything with me coming up and, uh. Yeah.
Depending on what person he would like. Work. I think you're looking for just a haircut for now.
I'm right. Have the 10:00, haven't I?
Okay, look at me. The first name is Lisa.
Okay, perfect. I will feel better qualified later.
We agreed. Okay, great. Have a great day. It's low especially.
But honestly, I want 4 to 5 years old.
This one is amazing, right?
Just before the open, I and then Google Peep had the dialog followed and then that awful.
Um, at that awful. So try to imagine that the Microsoft they Paul White uh, speak to task.
That's me to Tasha. That is perfect.
So somehow even though Cantonese combined with the English ah Hong Kong style, um, um, conversation um, Microsoft, uh, Asia speed.
Uh, so I guess so somehow they can get all the information out about 95 to 96% correct.
Is we perfect for white that there is no conversation, right?
So somehow usually we would come up with another one we call uh,
Google Tala for Google Dialogflow is a graph model to what person your question and answer pair into different um before open AI task.
Perfect. But of course, why not this 1 or 2? Yes. When the open AI come here, this kind of conversation you'll find is we we we, um.
Yeah, it's come alive. Your. But you can also create this thing.
So the structure of the Dialogflow is something like that. So you add a user and then use that.
They would give the we class request. So the request they hunting the keywords.
So tadalafil here they have the AI this one Google.
They have the AI to understand the keywords. They will also mentioned.
Uh um I've worked to where they will also using the similarity measure to measure the keywords one by one.
Okay. So they will get the keywords of the user and then pass it into your my that direction.
So I direction agents. This one is a question and answer pair question and answer pair.
So with the question I was up here I can input x many things x I want.
For example here is the directions y and then um the the slot is the direction.
And then the data is Paris. So I would generate a set of words from within this um, um, um dialog and other.
We have another one another. And I want when we put it bad.
So the Google will come by. Go was formed into a natural language processing generator was born and then give you back to the user.
So Google try to divide the things into two parts.
Yes. Something I can handle for you, especially about understanding.
Understanding, understand the keywords and understand the similarity of the um, um um, natural language processing.
Try to match the the understanding from Google to your data back.
So your data pan is also here. Okay. Understand your data back and then the generator we so give it back to the user.
And that is the situation. So here this one is the William one.
And then this one is the is the um I guess it's good.
Yeah. The title you mentioned that this amazing.
Um, um, I would say that this amazing AI is only 4 to 5 years ago, and now all the things we pay and changes.
So, um, when you go outside to or, uh, yeah, two years later.
So honestly, I don't know what is to go. Um, um, um, next to.
Yeah, 1 or 2 years after. So try to prepare anything, um, try to prepare all the things that you need.
So Dialogflow so they have two of version one is yes, essential um service and other is customer services.
Yes. Is free of charge. Chai at least in your in your apps.
Um, um, um, this uh try to use the. Yes. Yes, yes it takes it is quite expensive.
And honestly our service is using the Microsoft. So we do not have loss of the free.
Quite that for you to try the, um, um, course.
See, as you remember, um, you know, um, um, 100,
a few hundred you dollars and then once you finish a few hundred USD, all you have to pay and yes, we expensive.
Okay. So yeah, you can start up for free similar to uh, previous one.
So, uh, you, you use the outcome and then get their vouchers to the credit card, get their API key, get their API key.
So yeah, create your Azure scale, um, card.
And then that, um, the, the domain that you are going to use.
For example, here we are using the potty you. So after you have do it and then you set said that, uh,
you set up the authority I am and the admin and then you create your customer account, create your customer service.
Then you can get the yeah, you can get a key by the API key.
API key. Okay. The API key is here. You can copy back your API key back to your service that you want.
So yeah, copy your API key one by one, step by step.
And then go to your Google. Sorry.
Yeah. Go call your unity. You you create a API and then call that this kind of thing.
So here the server will be attach.
And then you send the charity request okay. Google will in your Google's data.
So they will search your question as a pair and combine your question as up here to your resolve and then journey back to it.
So now your application is able to become something just like a um, um, I would say that just like a a lot more presence.
And this answer question and answer is based on your, uh, your PDF model.
They will not answer something that is out of the box and is good.
Okay. So those are the programing.
So the um, concept behind ago data flow we call it is finite state machine FSM, finite state machine f s m y is the finite state machine.
So most likely we teach our graph model into two parts.
The first one we call it um the the state's okay.
So we have two stage one stage tools. They for you say for example.
And then we have nine to connect all the things together.
So this call transition we should transition missions.
So when the transition mission that means the key word is trigger we go to S2 to S1 to S3 etc.
So for example our pivots is the doctor here cutting.
Right. Because I we may show people to care cutting.
So you can design the s one state here to answer the state at the time, to answer the things at a time, and then if the data in the time is complete.
So somehow you can assign to us what is the start us that you want to you want to apoc.
And then if the stylus is not working so you may be passed to another customer sometimes to talk about, hey, do you want.
Another stylus or we were concerned about the time more, etc. etc. if they concern about the stylus then go back to the last one.
We have another time slot for them to pocket, etc. etc.
So here is a using a quark model idea to design your trackball.
It's easier than a question and answer pair because for you, if you like question and answer, pair up a lot of the question, most likely they will.
I'll say that makes up all the question and answer together, so try to emerge on that.
If you have a hundred or more than a thousand answer question answer pad for this kind of the poking the top twice so it's hard to match,
then step one by one, one by one. And this kind of data is good because we just generate the keywords together
with your question and then get the information by using this kind of design.
And it's easy to compare all the things. Okay.
Of course, as I may be here will be to say hello. And then finally you'll have the axis state.
You will have to, um, I don't know, um, access. They may be ask for here and then you'll have to ask for for exit.
And then the exit will say good bye or. Yeah, I have confirmed your booking and another exam asks will be sent to your mobile phone later.
So yes, still have settings. So most likely to understand the final stage machine is here.
And you can see how easy you may it without AC.
Have you played this game before Pac-Man.
Okay so for the stage machine. Finite stage machine.
Can you decide fee stage for the goals? Okay.
Uh. So you I.
Joanne Kumar yoa, the council member tweeted that's quite young.
I back to you. How was I when he saw you on finite stage machine?
I said I look quite I going to mention it's at.
The theme of song. Stage power. So is it the near one handing your power?
And coal fired power. Sound stage to stage.
Seasonal. Van Damme.
What? Just to mail contact your payment to the 14.
The attachment a 30 total drop 1 to 1.
Your one someone's apple guano. So it is a random walk. So why the next stage?
Joy. Joy lager, Paramaribo. Joy lager.
Pam to your doctor. Payments smell. Swagger.
Dodo. Ah, that's our joy. Tapas. These and, uh.
And yeah. Now you know trading megatons. The boar escaped door to escape.
So it's. You sound about you already so de Santiago Sanga stage.
That's one random. What? S2 there's a chewy, you know, as fit as a boar for that.
Um, the other one. Juliana. Does it come down to Pac-Man, though, at a moment or two?
Back to your meal. Kind of pimento.
So which you random Mopar 2000 t1 T2 kind of doubt actually come down to let you.
Yeah. How to go uh, cherry tomatoes, some Liana Campbell talk to you about your how your tassel bent.
I'd like the start of a told what a moment of thought.
So you go Toto, Toto, Toto Toto Toto Toto.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. How your, uh. Pimento. What?
Uh uh um uh. Tell us. I'll let you melt Schwartz on top of it.
Are you how your meals are until what you went about.
Let's see mine talk to this uncle. So that's what you.
Came up. With your design.
Can I seek a poke at the cat? Can I have some guitars?
One uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh can detect me, as said, a decay timeout.
Uh, design, stage design transitions.
Yeah. I'll talk to you. Okay, so, um, booking etiquette is easy because I'm looking at etiquette.
So some house is only about, uh, um, situations and then, um.
Yeah. Yeah, it's easy. Right? So you only have free stage when I want, and then, uh, three.
Yeah. And then you have your student 80. Okay.
And, uh. Yeah. I'm sorry, I forgot one more. Is, uh, still true?
If it's still true. So we repeat the, um. When what we said when when I'm, like, sometimes the stage.
And then if you decide the, um, color of two of these kind of chatbot more or less similar to this one.
Okay, but honestly, the things will be more complicated than you think.
So this is one of the application we designed. And then we did for A15 to 5 to 6 year old.
So, um, there is a special need for the, for the um it intellectual disabled children's so that it should.
And so somehow that IQ level is we low we loan.
So when they graduate so most likely they can only go to the startup workshop.
So what is the world of sort of workshop. For example you have the envelope and then you put the letter into the middle,
into it, into it, into you, etc., etc. because the IQ level is not x high x.
Um, so most likely IQ for x 8550 something to 8550 something to 80.
I guess you up your IQ is more than 100. Yeah, most likely you are more than 100.
But honestly here, do you want to guess how much they can get inside the A workshop for each day?
Timesand USA te China. Yang su take AP Wukong Chan eventually controlled the what?
The Chai time when eaten stalls out Jackson Gamble.
Had quite. Tom Hanks or Ethan Tysons.
It's all quiet here. We go.
Choo choo choo. Michael, uh, set me apart, Tom, I put out.
Two attachments. Email. Okay. Toity the council to about the them can I said he so I for I can time that I put out my sentence Hancock okay so,
um I want, I want uh, I have to say here goes. So we always think that can we do something better for them?
Can we do something, um, uh, better training for them. So, um, can they finish the task in convenience store?
That means the 7-Eleven. So we have this kind of thinking because when they go to 711.
And what? So most likely they can get per hour is 30 something.
So that means almost ten time, ten times for your hour pay because they were for a day gift.
Uh, give them a set of letter envelope and then put the letter into ethanol.
Put the file in deadlock 30 something per day. But if you can go to 711, you should be 30 something per hour.
So he's almost ten times. But honestly, um, um, you find some of the it is, uh, intellectual disabled in our 711.
Right. So that we stole and then when we put outside a campus, I think definitely they will get hurt.
So someone will use the foul language to, to to, um, um, to discuss with them.
Right. Because it's not my intent on the.
So why is it the inside on the jury pages? I found out to show you why the teeth get into my layout.
So I see my would would density and the one one when kind of you got application.
So so so like a virtual customer. Virtual customer okay.
We are like your soon there. Like how high mail ChatGPT I'm not of woman that are so open a woman so so uh Google Dialogflow okay,
so this one is quite perfect because the conversation of the customer here is limited.
So mostly for you spent with, uh, with the, uh, customer service call in 75.
He mentioned how many down there are we can think of. We saw some more.
We have sold him one way. So it's time wise. It's over. Yeah.
You got up away about. Yeah, I sold a lot to Australia for, uh, auto parts high school for, uh, sensing.
Yeah. How could you set up a service woman?
Like how designed? So. So, uh, at some point, I'm already up in the park with somebody, so we'll see.
Quite high, as you say. And so we, uh uh uh, chow chow chow we.
It's. I was on chow. Do you think we can find chow?
Peterbilt. Peterbilt. So somehow they. We all need to like that, so it's easy.
So we just decide what is the common conversation of a customer.
Chow time for it. Quick. Okay, so, um, what is the common?
Um, um, um, um, conversation with a customer, and then you just extract some of the keywords.
Somehow all the things can be done inside this one, of course, today.
But you say that.
Hey, uh, when I have to, uh, measure customer and then all the virtual human or all the things is changed a little bit, and then is not we amazing.
But at that time is is useful and then is quite interesting.
Um, nowadays you can and have these kind of tools using the Google Dialogflow is which is very easy to handle and all the conversation can be demat.
Okay, okay. Specially when you are going to do some training tasks.
This one is perfect. And this kind of, um, chatbot design you can handle by, um yourself.
And then you can point out or the fire station machine, you can point out all the situation, uh, with them.
So this is one of the example and yeah, this example, can someone guess what is uh, this one is tough.
It's not for come install. Can he can he your question here.
Guess what is the shop of this? Um, um, um, conversational.
It doesn't take a penny. Then the virtual customer.
Your needs is a concept, and the idea of hazard hazard lights is like a $10 cafe.
That tabac or the carpet. And what handles the whole decision can lead to time.
The loss of whether you can eat chutneys has moved out.
Doesn't take the time to take the time to customer service, so you pay cafe money.
This is quite an eye. This isn't quite all you need. No time at all for the sushi capital.
How the customer service hire gives out that it's about charging what you want to handle.
Yeah, how you may tie torches.
Hey, um, um. Chaos title, they say, um, um, chart.
Uh, I bar Taman million, Kenya and Fulton, you have to show me your handle in chat.
Should also make a child, uh, supermarket baby bookkeeper.
So, yeah, the gentle title suicidal. The yellow, the Ozark calm or Chihuahua, you might say it 10 to 1 K to wait.
It's a wait. So wait. So let's see how to talk to your penny death. It's.
Yeah. Time and time. Uh, so that is loss of the, um, I would say that affects call you.
So you have to call up our chatbot.
So whether you want to fully replace, um, all the, all the human interactions by chat bot or not or, um, yeah, you have to keep something.
So that is a interesting idea.
But honestly, today, um, this kind of chatbot most likely can handle all the things about your need, especially about customer service,
whether it's booking, um, all of the of the hotel or it's a, um, hotel customer service or this kind of coffee, coffee shop.
Um, so it can be handled very well. Okay. Do you need a break?
All. I just finish all the things. Um, I did very.
Anyone need a break? Five minutes.
Okay. Yeah. You should be the last part. And then.
Yeah. One of the must have cars. Mm.
Mm. Something like that.
Yeah. Yes. I've got something else. I'm blushing. I'm gay.
That's all I want to call it.
Hi, Sam. Sam, go go go.
Hello. Oh, girl. Can I have your song?
Why? You shouldn't go. Oh, yeah. You can't go play ball with it.
Got to go, I got you. Y'all go get those guys.
I thought you too tight or they don't contact you later.
Oh, no. I'll see you again. Tyler case a late.
Game on. Sunshine. The infamous Charlie signing on Jimmy Garoppolo over a year later.
I can see how since he sees it all day how he did all it took is a lady.
When we see diehard we are here to see you. I haven't told you this so I'm waiting on my knuckles for the guy.
Carswell. To call now.
Pay you later. Could I have your towel? Oh, man, I thought I was taller, though.
Hey, y'all be at the height of chocolate tonight.
We're gonna need you to. Come down and ready to roll tide high so you can go out tomorrow, kiddo, uh, told us that you did not keep us on guard.
Who are you talking? Point that I get that you get to use. They get to go to you.
So I've got a whole cake while I, uh, I caught up with my uncle, the leader of the whole.
John. Lee, the gym teacher.
You got the project? Yeah. I'll go ahead. Don't cry. I'll get your though.
Oh my God, no, that's all I owe them. Boy, we are tall and we have got all day, so that'll come tomorrow.
Uh oh. Follow the town center. Moreover, that's a whole lot of I can meet them all year long.
Come the day they tell you, they all say. Hey, it's gonna find its own path.
Okay, so you know what I mean. Dog on time, you know, don't tell me that Mary Pickford is up too high.
I got popcorn monkeys. All the most on your popcorn. Toes.
I don't know where you're holding.
Like the water or the gas heat that now you're using. There's a whole time assignment.
I come to you all on assignment, watch a movie.
I bet you don't. Oh, you going to come to you all?
Oh, hold on, I don't want a chocolaty lunch. All I Samuel, I don't want.
Okay, I can go. Hey, mom. I'm going to show how you go about getting all y'all.
To see all the passing, all the young. You know, we talk like king of King Cairo.
Oh, okay. I'll go back to.
Okay. We'll want to get us, uh, you to you know, it's, you know, I really don't even, you know, so I think.
You should go home. Well, it's a nice shot.
Yeah, sure. They cancel, all right? Yeah. I don't see a way for me to eat the heights for yourself.
Yes, I'm only about to do it, you know.
Uh, so it'd be some kind of measure that you do two ways for me.
I don't know if we will need your support.
Um, you know, I just. Didn't send them.
How did you get to. Do you.
It's funny that you don't get to do that until now.
Well, I. Don't know how old you are.
That's right. Now that. You realize you should go to diapers.
There's something you should do that. Makes this toy.
No, I meant to. Tell you about that man.
See how incredible without him? Did I tell you I was reading my.
Opinions on the situation?
No, but I saw things I thought it was about. Yeah.
So, um. Yeah. Thanks a lot for entrusting in my project.
So, um. Most likely because it's very different in this area last year.
So at least we have some assignment and then.
Yeah, we have some assignment to, to, um, see your performance.
And then this year, honestly, from you guys, I do not have any back cloth.
So can I trust the PowerPoint? I'm not sure.
So that's why. That's why I always say that. Put your photo on the PowerPoint so at least I can remember most of your, uh.
Yeah, you are here so I can remember your face. So that is the only information that I will have.
So remember to put your face in your on your PowerPoint.
So, um, how to how you choose and helps that I will not get so many groups if I do not have so many groups or maybe 2 or 3.
So I will invite all the groups here and then discuss.
Oh, thanks. So you say to wait them so you be better.
But according to my experience, because I'm the subject of these two years, I'm the program year.
So I always think that you guys have pre last chance or pre assigned the action before you give us the list.
So that means what I'm five by these kind of feelings because um most likely we can give you the first or the second choice.
Second choice only I would say that over 70% of the, um, um, after student, they will get the first choice.
So you will be. Oui oui oui. Questionable.
Why we will have this kind of situation. So the only answer that I can assume is you have discussed amongst your you yourself.
Right. 7% is first choice is not. Is we unbelievable.
So within uh, so within this, um, two years.
Honestly, um, we do not have a we, um. Yeah.
We do not spend a lot of the hard work to do the, uh, assignment.
So I can't remember last year or last two years. We only have one group of students.
They cannot, um, um, find, uh, find, uh, suitable that you give us to a free choice as way.
So only one group, they cannot find a suitable choice. Us. And then we have to discuss with the subject our child.
We have to, um, good appointment with them for the others.
They do not have any problems. So we will have stimulus, I think, this year.
I'm not sure, but I'm welcome. If you have this kind of setting, so means that you have, um, arrangement amongst yourself.
And then you have to for the discussion.
If you cannot have this kind of discussion, you you want to put it back into our system and then compete with each other.
We are also welcome with this. Okay.
So if you have a draft release and then draft, uh, go document or Excel, set up your preference and then let the others know.
And then if you have this kind of mechanism, definitely your competition will be limited.
And still we are welcome for these kind of, um, situations.
It doesn't uh, ten and then when the project one project two 1,019,000 code you how umpire how type discharge woman or mckellen's path.
And so the Yankees uh first choice to captain of our country.
How do you go either to, uh. That's a troublemaker love. Subtitle.
See, that's our category is a cutting garden. Cutting job. Okay, so you can change.
Obviously, you know, you got Excel to pair. Yeah. Hopefully.
Man. The first, second, third. The path. You know how they actually your data to talent go your talent go putting the one message.
Yeah. How should our money. Yeah yeah. Now since you saw what countries how sending money okay.
And a mechanism that one size and then yeah we have get the answer to okay okay.
So here. Yeah we only have um 45 minutes and then yeah I'll finish the most important part of, of, um, uh, model.
Uh, you have to graph model. You have to work with model.
But most likely if you want to decrease your workload and then have a good performance of, of uh, MPC lamb PR control unit.
So definitely you will choose to open AI or deep model because large language approach, large language approach.
Um, um most like you use the chat GPT right GPT is generative pre-trained transformer
training with deep trained a transformer transformer has been excite.
Remember you should be a a call nine yes I can we remember the paper of transformer is all.
All you need is attention. The transformer paper is about um echo not.
Yes. You give the idea published a paper, put the source code in the GitHub and I one 4 to 5.
Yes. Go open. I get the paper out and then create a company and find out they earn a lot.
So that's why we say that we search cannot earn money.
We search cannot earn money. Because when you want to publish a paper due to be open source.
And then other people can download your source code. Open source. Right.
You can download your source code and then create company.
So if they have a good business logic business approach specialist out of the big company so they can get your idea and then create by themself.
But honestly there's always some exceptions. For example open AI there the sponsor by you know Mars and then Microsoft.
And then they go off. There's something outside the box. There is always an exception.
But um, if you read all the research, so you have to bear in your mind, you cannot earn the money or you cannot earn a big money.
Yeah, you can earn your salary, but you cannot earn money.
And that is not a, um, um, um, OpenAI is not the, um, uh, exceptions of this kind of manipulations.
Have you heard about Oracle? Oracle for the deep database.
Oracle company. All I call Bill their company because IBM published a paper and the Oracle five exam.
Remember you should be five guys get the IBM paper and then create Oracle and
then create the Oracle relational database and earn the all the all the money.
So yeah the history always repeat repeat and repeat.
And that is um the the situations. So what's the meaning of um tragedy.
Tragedy. Honestly they are still algorithm is only one of the interesting part because the business logic and then the data cornerstones of open AI,
they do that worst we extreme. So open AI they copy not copy.
They get lot of the information from the internet. They got lot of the pass from the internet.
Then they do the laboring for the internet for a long time.
So if you still remember, they find most of the, um,
native English speaker from Southeast Asia and also for the from the South America, Asia, something like that.
So they get lots of the native English speaker to put the label inside which sentence is to pass, okay, which sentence to pass.
And then they have the attractive one know one thing that is good enough to steal, the one thing that is good enough until January 50th.
And at that time, they have already put lots of the money inside and then know try to repeat it somehow.
Hey, forget all the things about the um, question answer peer.
Forget all the things about the pay system that's that bad.
The human eye create a relationship between vertex.
Okay, I create a relationship between a large, uh, big data, large language model.
Okay, so they collect lots of the vertex, and then they find out the relationship of the first second and then the third vertex.
Okay. For example, I and then third am most likely.
Yep. If it's only one more thing is we hot? But yeah just li we have to I am we have to to watch and then the percentage of happy sad as cool,
total etc. would be this out one by one and then the most frequency use um what time we, we put it out into the third one.
So I am happy would be the third one. Okay. Of course this kind of the probability will be based on your questions and then change.
So you type in your question you use the term base ask question one by one, one by one, one by one.
When you are asking, respond to tell answer.
Respond to the question. The probability here change okay okay.
So here honestly the GPT model is on all the things about the distribution is all the things about the probability okay is true answer.
Is the well known or well used and so maybe it's not true.
Maybe they just generate some fake content, especially when I'm using Chap tube 5.5.
So when I asked them to generate a quantitative review,
I always ask them to generally do review because it give you the basic information about your thinking,
the coming logic about your research area, and then you get something all the weapons they have to generate.
I have to double chat and at that time all the weapons they are fed, they are wrong.
But of course now four of five, they are better and better.
They can all they have to read. They already have the ability to cite the correct reference and then put it into the content,
etc. etc. but honestly, the whole setup is based on the probability based on the sentence distributions.
And that is one more word things about um about the word thing.
So in the large language model we are using the cut token.
We are not using word things okay. Token means that in Chinese it's easy to to to think Han so Han.
So like Han did it I gave well you got to see on the hammer or the hand.
He then will tie how to set up and sample to.
Turn out to find a means to do. Okay. Okay. What do you mean? Soumya.
V over in camel. Hi a tiny Allah Salah okay,
so honestly the one thing we will not use a single word thing Han so we'll be together two years so Han so then let's do it open.
We've got tokens. Tokens? Okay.
Tokens today. Yoma. Other.
Okay, so honestly, this kind of work thing to simplify to understand we are using word by word by word by word.
But in our natural language processing we are using face us by face.
I face us just like in our Chinese word. So some of the Chinese working, they will not appear appear uh, bye bye bye bye themselves.
Single word. So they will combine with the other. Combine with the other.
And this is called token. Token. So there are lots of research.
Talk about the tokens. So the tokens should be to us one word or it should be a whole pack or even a whole document.
Okay. So today if you want to do the research of language processing.
So there are a lot of interesting things. One of the things we we spent a lot of the time is about the token, okay, what is the next phases.
And then how large is the next phases. So it is a hierarchical structure of the phases etc. etc.
So if you we want to touch something that is about the language.
So this kind of the you we still you say we, we um um um hot topic why now especially um import you wait.
Uh, we have a professor. Thanks, guys, for going in there using the shop owner.
Yeah, yeah. So we just call you, uh, professor from the, uh, tech pod.
So we have a professor from the tech talk company.
So he just get up 50 something million, 50 something media to combine with a mixture of expert, um, lab model.
So if you. We want to do this kind of research.
So I think this is one of the good tasks to combine with the language combined with this kind of knowledge.
Because even only a small part token, it contains a lot of the things that you can research and how to compile the knowledge.
And then this, um, um, and then defer to the others.
But honestly, if you jump into this kind of area, you have to, uh, well, people for your mathematic data structure,
this kind of knowledge, if you do not have a good mathematical model and data structure and model, you kind of have to a lot.
Okay. So, uh, back to the top five people very fast.
Not going to the five five is too good. Okay. We're back to the 5.5.
So where I going to when we want to explain the moon landing for a six year old boys.
So do you think that 5.5 can get for you I could answer.
Coffee people in five. Maybe they can already have a good answer for church GPT feet.
Do you think so? No.
No, because a lot of the data from the ChatGPT.
So somehow out from the internet. If you are saying the moon landing.
Right. So there are lots of some professional reporting quality and then also about the portrait emotions and then also about the um,
um, uh, escape from the gravity, etc., etc.
So it's not easy to change the probability rating to like six year old boys.
And then at that time, we have lots of the problem to explain this kind of like or to change this kind of probability.
Of course, when the data become pika, pika pika pika, you will have more feedback from the user.
You know that. Which one is the best weather station? Best working distribution to the to the to the user.
And then it can be improve and improve. And that is the settings of the ChatGPT.
They may not give you the answer. They may not give you the exact answer.
But when the data set, when the large language model becomes pick up, become bigger, it is able to have these kind of settings.
So we have the tragedy fee. And then there are lots of the fine tuned data on the human.
So we have lots of the human labeled data. And then finally we can shot that duty to two lot of our setting.
And why. Now we have the 85 okay who spends are one two years.
And then honestly there are lots of people to to do this kind of sad things to use the, uh, try to pee.
So it's easy because they give you a gift, they give you the API here, they give you the API to call, they feedback and response.
So the only thing you need to do is just give them the task.
And then yeah, I would say that most likely in your chat with a UK icon and then give them some allergy which you file of mental model.
You give them some background to together with your question, send to the chat and then try to based on for example,
you have that six year old and then they want to understand gravity.
They will respond to things to you. And here is one of the transaction about the chat app.
And you can call by the API. And then you can get it by the phone with the cheat API because they give you some,
um, um, say that they give you some basic understanding about the word thing.
So somehow you can combat this kind of thing to something that is controllable into that unity.
This one here is one of the first I would say that the first, um, um, um ChatGPT Manage.py data unity.
Paul chat. So that means that when you get better response from the chat to repeat your analyzed
over time and then match this kind of word thing to all the programing here and many,
for example, I want to create 100 clips at a random point,
so they will create 100 clips for random and a random point for you, so you can match these kind of thing to your Pokemon.
Right? And then you can describe another wheel. Well, another, um, um, um, I generative well to you.
So this concept is copied by why is the metaverse they use like this concept.
And then they, they talk about desktop market in this 5 to 6 month they'll still remember Lobos.
Lobos keep put the January I contact into the uh the uh user charity world.
Just this one. So what they have done, they just matched, uh, um, um, um, a, uh, open AI vertex tool, their command,
and then generate all the things that they need to facilitate the demand function for the church,
GPT and then the stock market increase exponentially.
And that's good, right? You can also, um, use it into the chat, you into the unity.
So here I will give you another example how you can put it into unity in our in our.
Let me I just put it today so somehow still can't uh, give the best phone and then now all the, um, MPC, they can have the test output.
With the test output, all your content can be according to, to the, um, large language model.
So it can be more human. Human sense. It can be more will for the for the settings and not only about the speed, about the action, about the speech.
So somehow you can put it into animations or our skeleton.
They are human, lightweight for all the human knowledge we can match into any other model that can be trying to make the motion.
The motion. We can generate a lot of human, um, actions.
So this is one of the project we give. The game will connect the, um, um, um, uh, situations into, into the open AI and then open AI.
Try to use the task to describe about, uh, the motions and then when the test.
This can disrupt a motion. So somehow I can use the deep motion to generate the certain action that I need.
For example, now I want to I want to, um, um, um, let the virtual character to dance.
Then just connect with the deep motion. They will generate a scat.
Scat. They have tournament. They would generate the motion data and then motion data can be paid into it.
Last year or last two years. We can only provide all the motion data and then play one by one.
But starting from last year, all define is built in is party, especially when you are paid for the you are most musky.
So this kind of definition is already inbuilt in their in their programing.
So the open AI and also the uh GP honestly they try to um, leverage all these kind of uh, productions for our, for our game.
Well and create a large for outside things. So here is another example about uh, yeah.
If you want to do a full piece psychologies.
So what you do. If you want to hear, you know, see that that is a virtual human.
Virtual him. So suppose that that you say psychiatrist. Tom.
Hey, Peter. So I want to create virtual psychiatry to replace me.
So what is the step or what is the, uh, production finite that you should do?
First one you have to ask. Hey, you want to have a 2D interface or a, uh, feeding device?
2D interface can be a task. Honestly, a virtual psychiatry can't be a WhatsApp.
Can't be a WeChat can be a task 2D task, right?
So that's why we have the virtual Peter and lots of, um, um, the human type for the task inputs rather than the feed object.
Okay. The first one. 2D or 3D. So suppose that, uh, um, psychiatry saying that I want them in virtual, I want them in 3D.
So what is their next step? Where's your next step?
Create a virtual avatar. First one virtual avatar.
Then it depends on your money. So honestly, I hope you only need the test output, right?
So, okay, virtual advocate can be, uh, only have two actions.
The first action is speed and neither action is idle, so they only have to idle esp idle.
Yeah I can, I could so, uh, could put, put a video, uh, model here and then, uh, sit sit in front of, uh, sit on the chair.
So they have the two motions. One is the idle and other is the, uh, speaking animations.
So if they, um, um, idle, that means they are listening.
If they have the response from the TV, then they will perform the speaking continuously.
So, uh, yeah, maybe you will ask me. So can I have more and the, uh, natural, um, um, speaking etc.
So we discussed later, don't worry so easily. So we have two animations and then all the things you need to do is connect to the open OpenAI.
Right. So just like, um, the, uh, the content that we have know that.
So we will have to, um, workout the speech work at a speed.
So you have a voice recording button to workout the speed change the Tapio AB wave format to the open.
I get the response from the open AI and then display the task to the user.
Or if you have the task to speed, play the audio to the player.
So here is that all the things that we have done?
No. We need to get the background information from the psychology.
So is there any task or is there any personality that you want to let me know?
So if they are the psychology so somehow what is the background information that you have to understand.
Before I give the VIP to the user. So are you following the for example CBT Cognitive behavioral therapy CBT model?
Are you following the um plc model, Paragon et al trial model, etc., etc.
So you have to understand the basic information basic part of the psychology X,
the allergy information, put it into the virtual human and all the fancy stuff.
Okay. Easy, right? Can you handle it? Yes, yes.
Similar to a, um, sales of a car. So if you want to do a sales of a car wash, you do.
Designed their personality and then kept all the information of this car.
You have to abcdefg, I don't know. Get all the informations and perhaps you have a virtual exhibition of car ABCd.
And then when the user asks hey, I want to have a four wheels.
Of course he's four wheel and then four, eight, five states and then uh, what is that CC 1005 cc.
Can you recommend some of the car to me?
So you your your virtual human virtual cells can navigate the car and then let them to have a lot discussed the information of the car to them.
And it's easy.
So only thing today you need to do is collect the information, decide the personality, decide the virtual scene and all the things can be done.
Okay, okay. So if you want to know more about stigma, if you want to know more about this kind of project.
So um, just click the YouTube. And honestly, I always think that you have the ability to do this kind of project by now.
Okay. See me as I think virtual customer simulator.
So just like, uh, for example, photo ID, intellectual disability through trying to what exactly sales in that economy install.
So some house we can't have this kind of simulator. So the employees paid and then uh, we have the speed to test and then to the ChatGPT chat,
we will have the test to speech and then pay the audio to the customer.
And again, you can put it into a virtual environment.
You can be put it into a 2D environment and then all the things can be right and all the things can be done right.
So what is the difference between ChatGPT and also the Dialogflow?
First a different. Honestly, ChatGPT can not control what the output of the of the response.
So most likely you can think that you say CV. You asked a CV to act like a puppy.
You asked the CV to act like a customer service.
So when you asked the for example, if you go to Matondo and then ask the um, um, um, the foot apple KFC.
So do you think that, uh, the Carl's in the McDonald's to answer the KFC questions?
No, wait. But shutup. He will 100% will.
You can try it unless you set up some limitation.
But if you set up the limitation of KFC, then I will ask Burger King.
So you set up another limitation of Burger King. And then when you ask Burger King, you can say, oh, um, um, yeah.
Do you have, um, the, the full battle signs of, um, in battle notes that I ask how many days we ate to both sides or the other.
So so you cannot prepare all the things. Right. And that is the pop up of ChatGPT, but none of those.
The question that adds up to the model when you have well defined is already here.
Okay to answer a question I asked up here. So they are well defined.
They will not think outside the box. So you have to think. Be careful about your application.
You say MPC that you can be tracked with each of them.
Oh yes I will. Well um um um, um, I will say that's a will, um, question answer, uh, customer service that you can not think outside the box.
You have to think very carefully. Okay. Uh, so one of the.
Yeah. Hey, Peter, here we have, uh, employer.
Employee. We have the, uh, we have the customer, uh, virtual customer simulations.
We have the virtual VIP simulations. All of them are virtual human, right?
So can we paste all the things here? You need to find the unity.
You need to find the unity program. Uh, so can I. We placed on unity and Unity programa.
Yes. To answer yes. Someone have to to see my things to you.
Can I create a web interface and then create all the teacher humor?
Create the appearance, create a speech, create all the things that you have a one stop solution for the virtual human, for the church.
The answer is yes. So one of the example is this one in well in well so in.
Well, if somehow they create a virtual human 3D object for you,
they have you can select a seat, you can select the um, um, uh, part of the virtual character.
You can type in the um, uh, background information, you can type in the virtual edge and all.
The thing is only one tech somehow. So you can have the, um, virtual human taste where they taste, where they, um, on the website, if you look.
See that? His web page and all the pages where they.
Of course, you can add this kind of thing into your unveiled or at these kind of into the unity that you want to do.
But honestly, this one is ready, you know, for you to use in the web example.
So today we also yeah, the, uh, you know, somehow it's like that.
So you have the virtual character and then you type in the descriptions and then you start talking speed,
uh, you start all sorts of the, uh, informations.
For example, I want them to become a he uh, this one is Tesla.
Okay. So I import the Tesla image and then by using the word you pay me the where you pay me, we find a similar component of of of Tesla.
And then to estimate the Tesla phases. So all the things is very and then you can create Tesla and you can talk with Tesla and that's it.
Okay. But if you say that in is too expensive.
So I will introduce another one for you in our in our uh content.
So today when we are talking about, uh, NLP so I just upload a conversation I.
So conversational AI is much more easier and we him.
So you can also put it back into web interface or into into where is it conveyed here?
This one? Yeah. This one. Yeah.
You can slide it from your platform and then you can import into unity.
Or something that you want. The quality is not as good as well because in reality together and we'll use our email user.
But the conversation I um, um, I guess is cheaper and they're free of charge a fee fee credit that you can try.
So the function is more or less the same and then some.
Um, if you are looking for some basic character for your, uh, unity settings, they are very enough.
They also have to, uh, unity pop in and then you can put it inside.
This one is a VAT model and all that speech. Oh, dear, oh, dear.
Uh, I will say that my call expressions, my co uh uh, expression of my whole facial expression.
They are culture with their with their language so they can produce more natural conversation to you unlike the previous one.
Previous one. I always say that you only prepared the item and always prepared the, uh, speaking animation.
But this one, all the speaking, they, uh, a little bit relate to their, their tasks and all the things are.
What do you say now here is the. Yeah. See that conversation I.
You can select the phase that you want, and then import this kind of information to unity over export to the website.
So, uh, where is the test?
The step we have complete with you and together with the unity settings, this one okay with the unity setting.
So if you are interested in using the conversation,
I try your best and then try to put it into your machine and you can play with the conversation AI.
Okay, so yeah, I'm sorry, I still have five minutes and then I will do all the things.
You know, we short period of time. Okay. Uh.
Final questions. Hey, Peter, I'm a academic.
Um, um, um, I my academic, so I care about the privacy.
I want all the data in my lab.
I want all the things to, uh. Yeah, I want all the things to keep in my lab.
I don't want to go to open AI. So what is your solution?
What? Honestly, to create a conversation, I'll create this kind of virtual humor.
If you have people, all the data types where they, for example, um, the virtual pizza I have collect lasts, uh, the, uh, um,
or the transcript, so is around seven hours and seven nature, and each of them is one for hours, 20 something, 21 hours.
I put all the, uh, more things. I would put all the video, workout things into tasks, speak to task,
and then edit it and then put it back into our virtual pizza so that they can answer the questions about our course.
So yes, it's easy to do so. It spans are one.
If you do not say that about um, data by the patients, the task by the patients.
So you will only spend about 1 hour to 2 hours and then you can create a virtual keyboard is very fast.
But now the question is all the data. Why. Now they go to open AI.
All the conversation they go to. Yeah I suppose tab.
So, um, uh, I want to do a virtual fear piece and then.
Yeah, I bet I'm talking. Yeah, I'm cheating with my I'm cheating my wife.
And then I go to somewhere that is. Yeah, I have a second wife, maybe something like.
That's why you don't want this kind of information. Go to somewhere else.
I don't want the information. Go to open AI.
So what is your solution? Can you [INAUDIBLE] off the first one?
The first questions? Yes.
Yes. How much you want to pay up?
Honestly, if you are saying that, um. Um, uh, be for deep sea mortal, okay?
All the things before deep sea mortal.
So if you are saying that I want to want to be 5.5, 3.5, the money that we spend to buy the sci fi is 34 million HKD.
Sometimes I don't want to be owned by the Yama people.
So you have to spend this kind of amount of money.
So the first question is, will you pay for this kind of development, um, for the server.
So most likely they will last. They will say no. So our money has go.
So we stopped all the conversation. Yeah. We cannot pay this kind of money.
Then stop it. Why stop the conversation? But first deep sea.
So deep sea of a two breakdown solution.
The first one is they, um, filter, dilute the information into a small, more adult.
And that is more model. The performance is more or less similar to open AI 3.50.
And the second one is they, uh, they change the Cooper programing, the GPU programing.
So now if you are say that, hey, I want to um, um, have a, have a, um, isolated model that do not go to open AI or that they do not go to deep set.
Yes, you can run the deep sea model, for example, if you want to buy the machine and then uh, Apple solution to one the deep sea basic model.
So, uh, our, our deep sea basic model is, uh, one night.
Ah, one hour, one hour. One. Yes. You should be down one. So the money is about 100,000.
The machine, the Apple solution is one 100,000 is affordable, right?
So one cloud ten. High hopper okay. Puts it high quite as a UK dollar.
Tapa consumption is about one by about five people.
So one question. So the first one is. So if you give 100,000 is possible to do.
Yeah. And other thing is um yeah.
If you, you say that. Yeah is, yeah is good but um, still a little bit expensive.
You know that research project is only, is only, um, um, um, um, um, 200,000 or is only 500,000.
How come I can spend 100,000 to buy a server, right?
So still, there is another solution by the VM, by the VM of Microsoft or the other, okay,
Microsoft or AWS, they offer the VM and then the VM contain the deep model, our model.
So you have a isolate solutions to there we add and he's come back month.
Maybe research project is only is a small is come by month always come back to use actually so all the things can be
calculate po auto things can be um I would say that um um can be done into a recent report by not a fast deep set.
Okay. But in your in your slide we offer and our solution is lama.
So um, those of the people, if they are doing the research uh, by now they are beside the deep sea versions.
They also use the Lama solutions. But I see lamas before my is not as good a deep set to our model.
So, uh. Yeah. So you depends on your need.
So, um, the Lama model starting from 0.07 to 0.65, larger data, the better performance, the more expensive.
Um, so for that you need to prepare and then you need to use for the calculations and yeah for the Lama model.
So you can have the lama chat. You can have lots of stand along solution.
Lama is also open source is also open data is also open source and open data.
So if you are not target um, something that is extremely good across the open AI chat you need P5.
Use this kind of solution. Because if you say that is VIP or is only a customer service of a small company,
so a Lama model, um, and then a stand alone solution, a stand alone machine.
So the department may be 200,000.
Also want all your part to continue to also want to starting, uh, calling all the serve up,
going all the things uh, into it as well as solution by yourself.
Okay. But honestly, I do not command such, such sad things.
Yeah. It takes a lot of time to to put all the things into a solutions and then into one machine and most likely all the customer,
all the people, they, they will they will have one comment.
The comment is hey, your stand alone model is not as good as the open AI.
So you have to understand, the money you paid is.
The stuff I will use is limited. And then. Yeah.
How can you compare with the open eye if you want to compare with the lack of an AI, we can connect with them.
But again, your data will go to OpenAI, especially when when you are doing the project in China.
China or Hong Kong. They do not allow the data to go to somewhere else.
You need to sign the document with them. Okay, so fans for your, uh.
Uh, times. And then yes, we have finished most of our very, very part.
So yes. Next last time.
So we will go to the bottling and then bottling will be handled by women.
And I will say that for the first lesson you will also need to pay attention because this one will be also inside your examination.
It captures some of the basic concept of the portraying the Yoshimoto and then also how to create, uh, um, um, how to create a gas, etc.
There are some basic about the pottery, so you may be in core inside your examination.
So yeah, I have um, dropped my examination questions.
If I have dropped, I would let you know and then I will come back in the last lesson.
So most likely last lesson, we'll do a refresher together.
I will invite maybe I will invite some company. It depends on depends on um, um, yeah.
Depends on the settings. See that we will invite HTC, Apple or Pico.
So see uh, which one. Uh, we we, we want.
Uh, yeah. I asked also inside of question.
Yeah. So HTC Apple or Pico which one do you prefer.
So I will also ask inside the question. Yeah. Because it is quite embarrassed that that I we might be company together in the same world.
So yeah. Yes. Not good. So yeah we'll do the question here and then us and together we will ask uh, the professor about your your presentation.
That's it. And then thanks for on time and sorry that I'm not being.
